"Shumway is a Flash VM and runtime written in JavaScript"
"An embedded HTTP server for performing queries and gestures"
"Originally based on pyjenkinsci... release tree: https://github.com/salimfadhley/jenkinsapi"
""
"A remote monitoring application using Node.js, MongoDB, and Twitter Bootstrap."
":video_game: A list of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine."
"A c++(and possibly others)-aware tagger based on clang. "
" :date: The VObject library for PHP allows you to easily parse and manipulate iCalendar and vCard objects"
"next version of the git-scm.com site"
"OpenNode Virtualization Infrastructure Manager"
"SendGrid Node.js helper library"
"POI Icon Set"
"An implementation of the sliding functionality found in the Path 2.0 or Facebook iOS apps."
"Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation."
"Python API wrapper around Trello's API"
"git - the simple guide"
"Firefox extension to chase the memory usage and garbage collector activity"
"A PURE JS W3C Standard based(XML DOM Level2 CORE) DOMParser and XMLSerializer. "
"Core part of Jackson that defines Streaming API as well as basic shared abstractions"
"CyanogenMod for Samsung Galaxy W (GT-I8150)"
"Make your sharing widget! Sharrre is a jQuery plugin that allows you to create nice widgets sharing for Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus (with PHP script) and more."
"An asynchronous, persistent key-value store"
"Helper for add social share feature in your Rails app. Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, Douban, QQ ..."
"A lightweight browser extension that scrobbles the music you listen to on the web."
"FluentPDO, smart SQL builder for PHP"
"Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility."
"Web2.0 interface for RPM database"
"A lightweight 3D physics engine written in JavaScript."
"RFC3986 URI parsing library for OCaml"
"Plain .Net client for ElasticSearch "
"Iptables Puppet Module (for host based firewalling)"
"Chef cookbook for rbenv. Manages rbenv and its installed rubies. Several LWRPs are also defined."
"Use DBIC::DeploymentHandler and DBIC::Fixtures together for a sane database versioning workflow"
"simple statsd library and CI spark"
"Easily manage the ad codes that need to appear in your templates"
"Simple Web Household Account Book"
"A simple web based school management system."
"Minecraft client in C#"
"Open source e-commerce and marketplaces made simple on the JVM"
"Built from scratch to replicate some of the Django admin functionality and add some more, to serve as an introspective interface for Django and Mongo. "
""
"Asset pipeline ring middleware"
"JWildfire - an image and animation processor written in Java"
"Optimize images using multiple utilities"
"FTP proxy support for ProFTPD"
"A web interface for managing redis: cli, admin, and live monitoring"
"internationalisation (i18n) for node.js the easy way (incl. clientside usage)"
"Composes the various aura v1 packages into v1 framework."
""
"Standalone orgmode blog exporter."
"A PHP utility library"
"example gem repo"
"Collection of salt state files for use and testing"
"notifies android phones from irc private messages"
"Small and robust polyfill for the HTML5 placeholder attribut. "
"Drools Multi Agent System (experimental)"
"Chef cookbook for Neo4J Server (Community Edition)"
"Python interface to TheMovieDB.org v3 API"
"Go binding for libuuid"
"Website source"
".NET WebSocket Client"
"Session.js - Get user session information"
"Grails Functional Test Plugin"
"Stellar.js - Parallax scrolling made easy"
"Search pastebin for keywords using python"
"Native Javascript SNMP library for Node.js"
"Protocol Buffers for Node.JS"
"Simplify SQL Workflows with Scala"
"Pyramid add-on for managing UI layouts."
"Simple broker that handles all message types and participates in markets"
""
"Old system test code before it was merged back to main code repository"
"A static-file Markdown blogging engine."
"Go package for interacting with The Google Geocoding API."
"Metadata Library for node.js"
"Python implementation of URI Template"
"An Actionscript 3 entity system framework for game development"
"Generic socket pool"
"Signed and unsigned cookies based on Keygrip"
"CakePHP 2.1 plugin for easy REST JSON API"
"A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to."
"A touchpad indicator extension for gnome-shell"
"KH branch of icecast"
"Library to interact with bankserv"
"PHP 5.3+ micro logging package that is highly extendable via closures."
"This module caches the common Zend\* classes used by your application into a single cache file, reducing reliance on the autoloader. This greatly improves the performance of ZF2."
"iOS chiptune/module player"
"turn openssh into a library"
"The core of object recognition, where the development now happens"
""
"JSHint integration for the Eclipse IDE"
"An open source substitute for Apple's genstrings which can be integrated in Apps."
"Fast Redis Bloom Filters in Python"
"irssi FiSH plugin"
"A Google Places lib for node.js"
"Knife plugin for testing Chef code in a Vagrant VM"
"A library for dealing with SOAP requests and responses. We tear our hair out so you don't have to."
"Perl Module: Inline::CPP: Include C++ code inline within Perl code."
"this is just a mirror of https://bitbucket.org/hasufell/hasufell-overlay"
"Colourful & robust OS X configuration files and utilities. "
"SCSS version of normalize.css"
"Tray icon for Rhythmbox 2.9+"
""
"Converts characters from one ""encoding"" to another using a transformation (think HTML entities, not character encodings)"
"GSM RAZR (XT910) Device Settings"
"A cookbook that provide recipes to set printers to node"
"Web Application Framework for Node.js"
"sassy-math"
"Couch DB client library"
"GitHub Issues from the CLI."
"Multi-Provider Authentication for App Engine"
"A fix for the iOS orientationchange zoom bug."
"Clojure implemented on top of Python"
"Reactive Extensions bindings for jQuery"
"Lightweight Ray class and operations for openFrameworks (e.g. hit detection, intersection). For more intense use check bullet physics"
"Turntable Plus - a fan-made Chrome Extension!"
"Textured Object Detection"
"Skia is a complete 2D graphic library for drawing Text, Geometries, and Images"
".spec Files for building RHEL RPMs"
"A supplement or replacement for the Java Collections Framework."
"Tag cloud plugin for Octopress"
"BWK awk modified for biological data"
"Android HTML rendering library with CSS support"
"Support for using Spring when developing native Android applications."
"This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/"
"Collection of useful ruby code snippets"
"Timesheet and Expense tracking system for the web. Build with Python & Django. Interfaces to Saasu."
"Reducing the pain in your .as"
"This Markdown extension adds inline LaTeX support without the need for external images."
"Rack Middleware to help with adding piwik js in every request"
"Mods for Minetest created by me"
"Lithium integration with Doctrine2"
"EmberJS preview and build tool for Node.JS"
"Land, sky, and sea"
"Combinatorial and Geometric modeling with Generic N-dimensional Maps "
"Share On is a phpBB3 MOD that allows users and guests of the board to share the topics on social networks."
"Adds SCSS renderering capabilities to Pyramid, with optional caching."
"Adaptation/Encapsulation of Spip-PMB plugin for Ritimo network"
"A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board"
"An HTTP logging utility for mobile devices and node"
"Flexible microkit for Flask microframework"
"Perl-related cookbooks for Chef"
"A PHP 5.3 library for creating an EventSource stream."
"Titanium wrapper around Couchbase Mobile"
"Tool to arange windows quickly on the Mac OS X desktop"
"Convergent Replicated Data Types"
"A simple and free CMDB app written in Ruby on Rails"
"A simple zsh configuration and prompt. See the PeepCode blog below for a graphical example."
""
"poker hand evaluator "
"Maven Plugin to manage the lifecycle of an XP-Framework project"
"SpiderMonkey bindings for the Rust programming language"
"Make possible to display fieldsets and inline in cols and tabs in the Django admin"
"Implementation of BCP 47 and rfc 5646 for xml:lang language tags in C#"
""
"Dummy Application for WoltLab/WCF"
"A collection of personal SlackBuilds."
"Bootstrap C#/.NET template for creating high performance social enabled websites and apis"
""
"Emacs minor mode for automatic insertion of end blocks for Ruby"
"An online package browser for Homebrew, the OS X package manager."
""
"Spec files for the R-repo project"
"compile your project's LESS into CSS and update <links> "
"Twitter Bootstrap Theme for Sphinx"
"Tiny mail notifier"
"Normalized address bar hiding for iOS & Android"
"Proxy your local web-server and make it publicly available over the internet"
"The Goldberg Variations in Overtone"
"MiniTest assertions and expectations for testing Capistrano recipes"
"Cycle chrome theme and colour schemes with F8"
"Kendo UI Examples for ASP.NET MVC"
"An Ant task to generate a sitemap"
"Helps convert incorrect charset latin1 columns to utf8"
"rmmseg-cpp with Python interface"
"AngularJs Textmate Bundle"
"Open Source GitHub Chrome Extension."
"Open source web-based sports league management application"
"Configuration tool for the AeroQuad"
"2011 design for Dokuwiki default template"
"A set of unix scripts I like to use"
"Localization QA tool"
"DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx"
"Mini identity server that queries your router to find out who's in the office"
""
"An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions."
""
"TitanChat - A chat management and formatting plugin for Bukkit"
"My home directory dotfiles, bin files, etc."
"Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language"
"A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model."
"An application for posting and finding Laravel Bundles"
"TwitBase is a running example used throughout HBase In Action"
""
"Only for testing purpose"
"modular framework for publishing (distributed and heterogeneous) language resources"
"Small R-Type shooter based on craftyjs.com"
"baby steps in d3.js"
"A UIView that renders and inverted mask of a UILabel"
"Flash message system for Ember.js"
"A simple octopress blog, more work-related than anything else."
"[WordPress Plugin] Move your Pages/Posts/Custom Post Type admin links from the sidebar to a Content menu that nests everything where it should be"
"Perl/Python modules for interfacing with Metasploit MSGRPC"
""
"Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api"
"Events API - Spring Integration plugin"
"Digital Mishnah"
"coapp openssl shallow form"
"Goto CSS declaration in an open *.css file"
"a tool for flaschcache status per second"
"Courtside: pick up sports app."
"Simple NodeXT CMS serving as the official Create integration testbed"
"A LESS.js framework for common design patterns [untested, incomplete]"
""
""
"Utilities for Parsing Paths and URLs"
"DrupalStudy Group"
"collection of small scripts or how-tos that don't fall under a separate project"
"Phase2 Tools"
"**WIP** will be released end of February"
"Java IRC bindings"
"PHP class used to easily make requests to REST APIs"
"Sample sketch app using HTML5 Canvas that demonstrates lineTo drawing techniques, as well as brush images."
"A Toto client library for iOS"
"Semi-private RTL development upstream of OpenCPI - this is *not* the OpenCPI repo!"
"A MonoDevelop Add-In"
"A web version of the g2system"
"Membership app for Voices, a chorus in Chapel Hill, NC"
"scripts & tools"
"My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking"
"My blog "
"assignments, resources, readings, and projects for winter 2012 cpj internships"
"Tools for Energy Model Optimization and Analysis"
"some scripts to generate jenkins usage statistics"
"MPEG-TS Segmenter for HTTP Live Streaming (iOS)"
"Examples of doing simple things using Pusher."
"cocos2d replacement for UITextField's text input"
"Interpreter for statically typed, duck typed language with list style macros"
"A tool for manual and automatic content analysis"
"Parsing Time: Learning to Interpret Time Expressions"
"unite.vim for SSH source"
"dotfiles such as .vimrc, .zshrc, .tmux.conf, .gitconfig and so on"
"An extension of Neuro to provide a ""sync"" component."
"Create and navigate location on a google map by defining a list"
""
"Rewrite of stomp-js. 100% Test Driven"
"Running Django Sentry on Heroku."
"Simple Dependency Injection framework for Ruby"
"Simple library to correct upcase in greek"
"First test project on github :)"
"BioMixer"
"A list of stupid and useless examples using doctrine2"
"(Obsolete) CCNQ (ISP VoIP platform) v3"
"pure data / Gem external to get Kinect camera streams"
"A parser for the cfdg language written in perl"
"Sample layouts for the Zurb Foundation Framework"
""
""
"A Zend app in which users can have multiple authentication and api providers (Facebook, Twitter, Google)"
"Wrapper around libwireshark providing network packet dissection"
"Experiments in node.js by writing a simple scraper. "
"This repository holds the configuration and site packages for the kjf press release application."
"deprecated"
"A Zenoss Zenpack for monitoring Adva FSP3000R7 optical transport gear"
"Just another take on Facebook's and Path's sliding navigation concept for iPhone"
"A collection of a bunch of my .files"
"JAXB bindings for WiseML"
"The diff washing machine. See your code changes clearly."
""
""
"Arduino sketch for burning new bootloaders"
""
"Better design for your Apache folder listings"
""
"isocalendar support for moment"
""
"A .PSD system with baseline text, gutters, etc for designing in Photoshop for a wide variety of responsive layouts"
"My vim config"
"Application Lifecycle Management with Git."
"NOT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION. "
"Lightweight unit-testing framework"
"Semaphore kernel Samsung Galaxy I9000"
"Less using ExecJS"
"pulseaudio"
"Experimental Distributed File System"
"Stuff for ~"
"The practices of unit test / TDD."
"A demo for the GitElephantBundle"
"A fully functional project configured with spring, spring security, REST (with Jersey) and Hibernate. The intent is to provide a bootstrap for this configuration."
"Bypassing Mac App Sandbox using DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES (LD_PRELOAD)"
"Ruby RPC backed by Protobufs"
"Streaming and REST server implementation"
"When this grows up, it will be an Android client for Transport for London's bus countdown system."
"For my undergrad thesis I am building an automatic poet. The idea is to implement an evolutionary algorithm that can construct a poem using fitness functions trained on a text-based corpora."
"Task execution system (general)"
"rails source for the website freeldssheetmusic.org"
"declarative web interfaces using semantic data"
"Unofficial Git mirror of @ianawhois"
"My dotfiles et al"
"source repository server over ssh"
"An Android app that will track MyCokeRewards points"
"Versioned Personal Identity"
"An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu"
"Sagittarius fork"
"DynaMechs rebuilt with CMake. Original project website: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dynamechs/  (This link has been down for a while, then some unknown guy resurrected it). DynaMechs is orginally developed by Scott McMillan. Current version has been t"
""
"Latex source for geometric algebra and physics notes."
"unix/linux bootloader bsp compiler kernel lkm and app "
"Mirror svn repo of T2 Sde project"
""
"Data winners is a data collection application supporting multiple channels like sms, web and smartphone. Goal is to enable seamless data collection, reporting and visualization."
"Basic platformer game. Mainly a proof of concept."
"Flash Game Engine that utilizes the power of Stage3D, the new hardware acceleration for Flash Player 11"
"A Penn Treebank-style parsed corpus of historical Greek from Homer through the Greek New Testament."
"This is a simple web application which implement Two-Factor authentication by TOTP and Google Authenticator"
"Generic notification system for Django, with multiple input types and output backends"
""
"An Emacs frontend for logaling-command."
"Set of tools and scripts for converting raw data (csv, tsv, $sv, and other custom formats), creating links, and managing a triple store"
"everzet (life|work) dotfiles"
""
""
"A configurable SQL injection test-bed"
"A simple demo of a web page interacting with sleepy mongoose REST api using JQuery. Instructions for Mac OSX running MAMP."
"rename files with numbered filenames"
"GWAS Catalog Ontology and Curation Infrastructure"
"Example WINAPI WebKit example"
"IronBee Development Tools"
"Plugins of Construct 2"
"1% of what a mature configuration management tool does, written in bash"
"A Windows Phone library for Parse.com"
"This is a bare Django project that includes a Fabric file, commonly known as a fabfile, to setup an Ubuntu 11.10 server with Django, Nginx, gunicorn and upstart."
"QuickUI Catalog"
"Parent project for all MyDLP user interfaces"
"SDShare - Protocol for the syndication and synchronisation of RDF"
"Pods engine for RefineryCMS"
"Scorm 1.2 Universal Interface"
"New Flyspray theme proposal"
""
""
"Github pages?"
"THIS PROJECT IS BEING RENDERED OBSOLETE BY NEWER VERSIONS colibri-core and colibri-mt !!"
"Projector simulation tools for VVVV"
"My configuration files"
""
"User Interface resources"
"Stephen McDonald's Jekyll blog"
""
""
""
"Twitter like NavigationController"
"A lightweight RESTful router component for PHP 5.3+"
"Audio recording appliance optimized for location concert recording."
"code is code"
"My dotfiles - vim mastering - I can't go back anymore"
""
"NSFormatter subclass for iphone-like phone number field"
"Reid's DR git clone"
"Android messaging app"
"Rayo Server - A high performance awesomeness server"
"My dotfiles"
"Git is good. Gitter is better."
"Lottery plugin"
"Website for MyTardis"
""
""
"My public scripts and projects"
"Personal git mirror of the tmux repository"
"My dotfiles"
"vSMC: Scalable Monte Carlo"
"Common utilities between ligGDX, animation4j and Artemis"
""
"Blog"
"None available"
"Categories up the whazoo."
"top-down parser generator"
"theppl: the successor of the markov thebeast probabilistic programming platform"
"WTFMB?"
"A collection of userscript for different Browsergames."
"A fictional site that I use for code samples"
".emacs.d"
""
"My Blog source"
"My configuration files."
"text analyser software for market research"
"Drupal 7 server environment RPM bundle for RHEL/CentOS"
""
""
"Website Source"
""
"F18 - simple accounting for Bosnians"
"a very very light and tiny rack based web application framework"
"project elite  manifest"
"Once Daily MCAT prepper"
"The idea behind this project is to allow Cocos2D and Box2D to be easily compiled and packaged into a compact and easily embeddable form."
"This addon offers you some flavors to customize the colors of your platform easily. A flavor is a group of 4 files: background, borders, colors and fonts, corresponding the CSS properties."
"My emacs configuration, written as literate elisp"
"this is a website for hiphop"
"RSS feed mash-together-er"
""
"Decentralized VPN"
"Repository for the Refresh your Development with NuGet presentation."
""
"Password manager"
"runs stuff in parallel (like GNU parallel, but much faster and memory-efficient)"
"My dotfiles and assorted other home directory related configurations."
"The ALFA Core Rules, and associated tools for building and maintaining them."
"A GUI front-end download utility for BBC get_iplayer"
"Django simple checkout app designed to work well with django-cart (but won't require it)"
"Generic Disease Modelling System"
""
""
"Sys and app configs"
"My emacs24 text editor configuration"
"My uboot modification..."
"Visualize and control real-time streams in a browser-based interface"
"Regular expression authors best friend"
"various NixOS configs"
""
"xebia puppet modules"
"practice"
""
"WebGL demo: fire + dynamic lighting"
"capmon"
""
"Testing octopress"
"Documents my recovery"
""
"client-side require that uses WebSockets"
"neural network builder"
""
""
"It's a light event emitter"
"Project Euler problems solved in Java, Python and C"
"A password generator inspired by the xkcd password spec: http://xkcd.com/936/"
""
"Blog posts"
"android jtt app"
"My personal config files."
"yuislide"
"The London Tube Map recreated with SVG & RaphaelJS"
"Free & opensource file manager for iOS, now again opensource"
"XBee clone using TI CC430F5137 microcontroller"
"SICP in Clojure"
"Object/Relational Mapping library for CyclonePHP"
"Cocoa Extensions primarily for iOS"
"AIR app to convert SWF shapes to SVG images"
""
"Domain::PublicSuffix - Perl module to parse a domain down to root using Mozilla PublicSuffix"
"Albion 2 Engine ""light"""
"Your agile time management application - The Pomodoro Technique"
"Java backend library for magus"
"My dotfiles"
"homepage and blog"
""
"Common Lisp ZeroMQ binding"
""
"BuildGen is a cross-platform build script generator. It reads simple configuration files and creates an output such and an IDE project or a Makefile. "
"iOS OBJ Viewer with LOD features"
""
"Mirror of SC repo for our own sanity (fixing warnings etc)"
"A single process monitor for embedding into a plugin or extension."
"jsontranscformer"
"First test with Git & Eclipse"
"my presentations as html slides"
"Bootstrap is a toolkit from Twitter designed to kickstart development of web apps and sites."
"My config files"
""
""
"Support App for TextMate2 bundles requiring stand-alone HTML output window"
"GUI version of dd"
"A custom IRC bot to handle various functions in the RDDT IRC Network."
""
"USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc"
""
"Rack Middleware which retrieves KML from Rails and produces KMZ for the client."
""
""
"List files in directories of S3-hosted websites"
"Use of the Calimero API to control KNX devices with a KNXnet/IP Tunneling Device."
"my vim config files"
""
""
"Example code for my Art of Hibernate Optimization talk"
"A basic ""facebook-like"" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery"
"Code for SMARTX analysis"
"Todoist.com backup"
"PHPlanningMaker"
"This is the source code to my personal webpage. It's hosted on PagodaBox (that's what the BoxFile's for)."
"MonoTouch / Mono for Android compatible build for the Facebook C# SDK"
""
"Building a global consciousness from the bottom up. InterMix is designed not so much to surmount as to go around the organizational boundary problems that prevent civil society from uniting in earnest. GNU Affero General Public License, version 3 (GNU AGP"
"My configuration files"
""
"Some HTML5 audio experiments"
"The source for samskivert.com"
"I was tired of all the services that made you pay to host a portfolio."
""
"velocity vtl"
"into the green green mud"
"This is a group of pear packages (updated occasionally) which includes HTML_FlexyFramework and a few other extra goodies"
""
""
"Simple I2C and SD (SDIO) examples for STM32F4 Discovery board"
""
""
"Custom extensions for www.onlinescoutmanager.co.uk"
"A plugin framework to perform image capturing,  colour extraction, post processing and colour output - primarily  for use with lighting systems such as for ambient lighting."
"Easy keychain manipulation in iOS"
"Caputure screen to video file on mac. Implementation of Apple's OpenGL example code with GUI and ability to caputure mouse movements added. Can choose export format, codec, and quality. (Cocoa - Apple Mac OSX 10.5.8 - XCode 3.2 Project)"
""
"a text editor"
"PHP script to respond to git hooks and does a pull command when a specified branch is updated. Then emails will be sent to committer to know that the server has their changes now."
"behat runtime files (adapted from cucumber ftplugin)"
"DNS Block Bypassing"
""
"Some software about railways."
"push library for phones"
"JSBot Code"
"distribute log system"
"jeen github page"
"An improved ft command for Vim"
"A small, lightweight framework to implement RESTful Webservices in Scala."
"intheforest_companys"
""
"Support for LG Revolution 4G for Cyanogenmod"
""
"A website for converting (and testing) HTML 2 Jade"
"site da aaacec :)"
""
"Various BlitzMax modules"
"some of my AVR projects"
""
"my own version of the zenburn theme for emacs"
"A Metro-style video gallery with Ajax, infinite scroll and other fun stuff. "
"A simple color manipulation javascript library."
"My environment configuration"
"A branch of ardupilot-mega for supporting ""purple"" hardware"
""
"Beyond the Standard Model ttbar like events analysis"
"DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX"
"Kohana administration module with built-in CRUD"
"On-the-fly processing framework for Node.js and MongoDB"
"Modules for managing installation/configuration of OpenStack's identity management"
"d3 tooltips"
"Easily send emails from .NET"
"MIUI v4 Russian Translation"
"Art.sy Engineering"
"a ruby client for ovirt"
"Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Greenback"
"Addition for Selenium WebDriver to facilitate writing JUnit tests with Selenium"
":hourglass::left_right_arrow: A date range plugin for moment.js"
"Jayson is a simple but featureful JSON-RPC 2.0/1.0 client and server for node.js"
"A Rails interface for Intuit's Quickbooks Web Connector"
"A clone of the javaparser project, since that seemed dead. All submitted patches are accepted."
"[OBSOLETE] Create your own framework on top of Symfony"
"HTTP metrics monitoring endpoint"
"fabric scripts for easy deployment"
""
""
"A little help to viewing ArcGIS Server, Geocommons, Arc2Earth, CartoDB, GIS Cloud, etc. vector data in a Leaflet map"
"SequenceParser is a C++ library to detect sequences, files and folders."
"Erlang LSM BTree Storage"
"Python bindings for Phabricator"
"fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/"
"Adds some enhancements to rdio."
"PDO DBlib Bundle for Symfony2"
"Forcing layer on top of Coq"
"Personal package repository for Arch Linux"
"Python Transifex API"
"Helps you to create forms with localized fields using Mongoid"
"The main website"
""
"A cURL wrapper"
"Recurring Donations Package of the Nonprofit Starter Pack"
"Python Meta Programming "
"Simple bot that performs various actions."
"Follow users on your BuddyPress site. Similar to Twitter!"
"Node on Azure blog based on wheat"
"Servlet transport for Elasticsearch"
"Lithium PHP Framework performance and information toolbar"
""
"An in-memory key:value store/cache (similar to Memcached) library for Go, suitable for single-machine applications."
"[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com"
"My solutions to The Linux Programming Interface Exercises"
"node.js API wrapper for Morale"
"Python script to create CDX index files of WARC data"
"Graylog2 module for Puppet"
"Vendor files for Samsung Galaxy W (GT-I8150)"
"Provides datasets to application via yaml files"
"tShock Plugin"
"Ebook in MOBI format with Perl"
"A custom Scrum process implementation"
"A code generator written in PHP"
"RESTlet-based client for Netsuite"
"Functional test library for F# / C# / VB.NET"
"A CLI script for segmented downloading."
""
"Rare Disease Registry"
"Play trailers"
"defunct"
"NodeJS Asterisk Manager API"
"MOSS is minimalistic framework, based on currently popular solutions."
"A Zend Framework 2 website for the IGN Entertainment Engineering department."
""
"Batch, tunable, crossplatform SVG cleaning program"
"A virtual machine designed for extremely compact low-level audiovisual programs."
"Objective-C 2 parser for recurrent rules with ability to parse iCalendar RRULE format (from RFC 5545 spec). ported from https://github.com/skyporter/rrule_parser   Currently testing on iOS 5+- under  MIT License"
"Naginata in Finland"
"C language wrapper for RE2 the regular expressions library from Google"
"RDF schema for describing software projects"
"Obsolete, see https://github.com/atykhonov/google-translate"
"An Attribute Grammar Fuzzer"
"Basic plugins for TweakCart2"
"Next generation web services toolkit."
"A simple async template language similair to dustjs and mustache (ported from c9/kernel)"
"Wireshark-1.4 with extensions for GlusterFS"
"Maven extensions for the build-tweaking programmer"
"A lightweight Python library that uses Webkit to enable easy scraping of dynamic, Javascript-heavy web pages"
"TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde"
"crawler4j fork from Google code"
"A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *"
"A C library for product recommendations/suggestions using collaborative filtering (CF)"
"a site invitation app for Django"
"LINQ-like access to databases (Oracle XE support OOB)"
"This is very simple code that can be used to demonstrate the caveats and design issues associated with building real-time chat server that uses socket.io."
"Sublime Text 2 command to format long SQL statement to a more readable form (also available via Package Control)"
"A string extensions library for node.js"
"Pomodoro technique timer with a lean and usable interface."
"A collection of practice exams for Freshman level Computer Science exams at RIT."
"Yet Another Business Information Tracker Z: host management application"
""
"A JavaScript Library for Interacting with VirtualBox"
"A JavaScript Development Tool"
"A simple SDK to get your hands dirty with Nabaztag"
"A category on UIView to create an instance with a block for its drawRect."
"Chrome extension for vk.com that hides unwanted posts."
"A small tool to find gaps in TDB"
"Enhanced Version of the jQuery Cookie plugin that uses HTML5's localStorage feature and that support chunking of values in multiple cookies to save big size content."
"Symfony 2.1 distribution with Composer as the libraries dependencies manager"
"Set expiry dates for users in WordPress"
"A C++ library for molecular modelling, cheminformatics and molecular visualization."
"Open-source framework for modeling Vehicle Routing Problems."
"Integrate Ajax-Chosen javascript library with Rails asset pipeline"
"My zsh dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible."
"Schema (SQL) and Data (JS) Migrations for node.js (for PostgreSQL and MySQL)"
"BrainSwap's web application dev tool."
"iCloud calendar URLs"
"Donders Machine Learning Toolbox"
"PHP Lib to access to Scoop.it API"
"some common TD Learning algorithms"
"Android application that notifies you of your contacts' birthdays and anniversaries."
"geekdom internal management software"
"A node.js server farm with everything you ever dreamed of"
"Automatic conversion and update for FreeBSD Haskell ports"
"Banners engine for RefineryCMS"
"Perl OO abstraction for DNS Made Easy API"
"Stable hash functions for Postgres"
""
"Extopus - the Monitoring Aggregator"
"Token generator and processor to provide automatic login links for users."
"Designs for various aspects of CoderDojo"
""
"Online demo page for Mozilla Firefox OS Keyboard"
"iScroll plugin for jQuery"
"Leiningen plugin for non-AOT uberjars"
"A buildout recipe that generates a configuration file for SublimeCodeIntel"
"Directory based queue."
"blog_blablabla"
"The AmazonS3 Drupal module allows the local file system to be replaced with S3. Uploads are saved into the drupal file table using D7's new file/stream wrapper system."
"Inline Additional Media Type Structured Syntax Suffixes"
"Erlang HTTP linked-in driver"
"Python Implementation of the TrueSkill, Glicko and Elo Ranking Algorithms"
"Conventional request processing for your JS"
""
""
"Nether is a rails engine for easily adding endless page functionality to paginated content."
"A Sentry extension which integrates with Phabricator"
"Simple Sublime Text 2 / GitX integration plugin"
"Code and sample for Chute Tutorials for Android"
"Can stream an ~20 minutes ASCII movie via Telnet emulation as stand alone server or via xinetd daemon. Using famous ASCII art animation from www.asciimation.co.nz (Star ASCIIMATION Wars)"
"A web frontend for newsgroups"
"Pull to refresh ListView like iPhone has, derived from Johan's work"
"images on the command line"
"Symfony2 Bundle for working with the Embedly service."
"If you like MongoDB and Mongoid, Haml, Rspec, FactoryGirl, and Heroku, you've chosen the right project to use as your base."
"Writer for the upcomming mapsforge map file format"
"Objects with immutable context, especially good for contextual logging"
""
"RequireJS / Jasmine / r.js / almond skeleton for javascript libraries and modules."
"An online tutorial for Impress.js"
"Totara contributions to Moodle upstream"
""
"Packet capture (pcap) file parser written in pure javascript for Node.js"
"Big Data ETL and Utilities for Hadoop Map Reduce and Storm"
"Sandbox - testing organization"
"Generate Scheme and Package classes for MODX Revolution XPDO"
"Sublime packages by colinta"
"Swapping tool for Resque server on runtime."
"Device setup for Folio 100 using 2.6.36 kernel"
"Software Transactional Memory Implementation for the JVM"
"Javascript Editor for SharePoint"
"My dotfiles, for my mac"
"Naive implementation of Radix Tree for Ruby"
""
"A pyrocms module that adds Facebook page or profile photo albums to your website"
"CSV implementation for Rust"
"Advanced Calculator Gnome Shell Extension"
"EXPERIMENTAL: Eve magic for console / prompt interaction"
"Simplest possible configuration tool. without conflict - with defaulting!"
"crazy pili's data base for node.js"
"Aggregate test framework for test iOS and Node.js project"
"Web Application Framework for Node.js"
"A simple coffeescript MVC framework with a emphasis on Model reliability and usability across ""Flakey"" internet connections."
"ip2location library bindings for node.js"
"AwesomeMailer embeds your e-mail CSS inline, allowing you to write e-mail templates without worrying too much about stylesheets"
""
"Depixeling tool, based on ""Depixelizing Pixel Art""."
"I will keep various different samples here"
"Some commonly used utilities for scala."
""
"Monkey patches Backbone.js with extra features and enhancements"
"JSGI Server for Node.JS"
"ByteStrings as type synonyms of Vectors"
"YCanvas is an open source 2D tile renderer library written in ActionScript 3. It provides high performance solution for rendering world maps. The library also contains Stage3D (GPU) accelerated implementation based on Starling."
"Example scaffolding for hosting Ruby applications on Windows Azure"
""
""
"A script to help cutting releases of your projects in a single step (following some conventions)."
"base buildout for pyramid"
"KSS standalone command-line script. Perfect for build processes!"
"C# port of http://code.google.com/p/lucene-hunspell/"
"Lua binding for DirectFB"
"Popover plugin for jQuery"
"similar to the methodOverride in Express except it overrides GET requests as well.  This is useful for APIs servicing requests via JSONP."
"A BSON serialization library for Objective-C"
"gd CLI"
"Apache Commons Collections converted to use Java 1.5 generics."
"Compilation of Clojure functions from around the community"
""
"A Google Chrome extension for WorkFlowy to add markdown support and syntax highlighting in notes"
".Net library for intercepting/simulating user input"
"Framework for Gibbs sampling of probabilistic models"
"Java Library for FullContact API"
"Provides additional features for Quartz.Net"
"Modified Todos App based on Spine.js / Backbone.js"
"The Banners module is a url driven way of displaying images on your site"
"A cross-platform clone of the popular Lazy Newb Pack for Dwarf Fortress."
"RESTful API to access GORM-managed entities"
"A scikit for signal processing"
"a bot for random helpful functions on turntable.fm"
"Sphinx porting of Dexterity Developer Manual"
""
"HTML5 canvas oblique projection"
""
"My personal website"
"QRCodes for Homeless People"
"Integrates Josh Sullivan's CSS3 Progress Bars into Rails 3.1+ Projects."
"Input validation made easy"
"Bridge for Java"
"OpenSSL/GnuPG encryption/signing gui for Linux implemented with Python & PyGTK"
"C# Spotify Library"
""
"Homepage of AndroidAnnotations"
""
"Asset management for ActionScript 3.0"
"Rails-dependent gem for Zendesk integration"
"RSS feed aggregator"
"HTML validator for emacs using flymake and validator.nu"
"Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system"
"Chrome extension that runs on WordPress.org plugins pages.  It adds a link to the plugin's SVN repo below the .zip file download link."
"django app that allows capture application metrics by each user individually"
"My personal Vim installation, following the same procedures as the Janus project"
"Website for OKC.js, an Oklahoma City JavaScript User Group. okcjs.com"
"A BUGswarm connector for Renesas 8- and 16-bit microcontrollers."
"node.js solution for tagsobe"
"Randomly generates a grid and sees if a provided set of words is in the grid, like as in a words search"
""
"Arnold Worldwide training repo for git and github"
"My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible."
"Python 3 IRC Bot"
"A Python library to manipulate Trac tickets programmatically."
"my website"
"Python-like class sugar. No more ""var that = this""!"
""
"zip module for appcelerators titanium mobile"
""
"Ruby library for Microsoft Bing Search API"
"Ridiculously simple Gravatar integration for Asp.Net MVC: @Html.GravatarImage(""user.name@email.com"")"
"Contains my dotfiles"
"A procedural RPG in C"
"A simple map from strings to values in JavaScript"
""
"A simple Chef report handler using ruby_gntp to send growl notifications"
"A userscript for Fluid to add dock menus and other features to the new Pandora interface"
"Rails extension, shows cute notifications in frontend"
""
""
":star2: source for a fun EMOJI DOMAIN"
"watch files and run a command when they change"
"My personal emacs configuration, using heavily git submodules for external packages"
"A puzzle game"
"TV notification service. Reimplementation of seriesly without Google's App Engine or Django"
"An Emacs major mode for tumblr.com"
"Quick Brightness Adjustment on iOS"
"nRF24LU1+ programmer"
"Sublime Text 2/3 Snippets for CakePHP"
"Rio Grande Valley Regional Science and Engineering Fair Registration site"
"IRC bot for #srs"
""
""
"Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends"
"simstudio"
"COLLADA meta model for the Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF)"
"A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage"
"Use Sina Weibo API demo"
"Handle account management for Sinatra web-app"
"A thin wrapper of Apache HttpClient"
""
"Install scripts for kids ruby"
"A variety of drop-in components for building your Chute-enabled apps"
"Advanced Infrastructure for Server Applications"
"A location based messaging application for iPhone"
"Publishes aggregated data to formatted pages on a wiki."
""
"Some environment stuff: vim settings, bash settings, git settings etc"
""
"DEW Inspection DB project"
"Space fleet programming game"
"This project has been renamed ""Buckshot"" and is now located at the link below:"
"Google Safe Browsing Lookup for Ruby"
".NET/Mono library for multi-threading, including lock-free thread-safe collections."
"""Clone"" of the RPG Maker XP Tileset Flag Interface"
"set up of my emacs"
"XML module for Kohana 3 PHP Framework. Works with extendible, write-your-own drivers."
""
"Creative coding experiments"
"Lucene search of a git repository"
"dotvim"
""
""
"CodeSnippet: Management of your Code Snippets using RubyMotion"
"My Chef repo for developing cookbooks related to HPC and scientific computing"
"Development tool to help with testing the Android activity life cycle"
"Scripts to manage VMware ESXi/vCenter"
"jQuery Mobile MVC Plugin"
"Tmux config"
"Event management for a local club"
"A port of Callin' Oates to Python"
""
"Playing with DCI in Ruby"
" Onyx is a Ruby on Rails image gallery. It is designed to be clean and intuitive, flexible, customizable, and quick. "
"my webspace for my cs account"
"Infiniband tool to map hosts to a physical switchport location"
"EXPERIMENTAL: Eve Eventing on Steroids"
"This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages"
""
"The web application for clinics"
"Maven Repository"
"chup is a limited web server allowing users to upload files and get progress"
"Scripts for extracting and plotting statistics from an IMAP account"
"Stylus-ized html5 reset "
"Cory Headhunting"
"sunncamp"
"A C++ library for numerical evaluation of cosmological quantities."
"Startup theme for WordPress projects"
""
"Google's Swiffy that works with Zepto and Jquery"
"A library for document oriented architectures."
"static site generator"
"PHP and web development blog."
"Yuval's site"
"IRC Bot used at irc.devhat.net"
"Personal blog generated with chisel."
"A set of scripts that will rapidly deploy Ubuntu servers / desktops to my personal liking"
"Integrates the SITS Vision student information system with Moodle 2.x"
"Cocoa wrapper for Apple's LaunchServices framework"
"idock is a standalone tool for structure-based virtual screening powered by fast and flexible ligand docking."
"Going about your day-to-day business, you might not have realized the things we take advantage of. Well, we did."
"A java-based bot API for http://turntable.fm/"
"Property Descriptors made easy"
"Small, quick chat server as an Erlang exercise"
""
"Getting seo information for web-sites"
""
"A Qt-OpenGL powered video player for scientific cameras (GigE, USB3, Firewire, ...)"
"a free and open-source calculus textbook"
"Custom Puppet Modules/Facts/Functions etc I've cleaned up and feel like sharing...."
"Base Web"
"A collection of small C programs"
"A plugin to enable EyeTV live3g streams and EPG in Plex Media Center."
"Change Ruby I18n localize to use parsi digits and jalaly dates in farsi locale"
"Bitcoin integration/staging tree"
"Timeplans - yearplans - weekplans - testplans - absent studs/teach - room-reservations "
"Drives 8 LEDs using a MSP430G2231 microcontroller at a user selected rate."
"PhD thesis"
"Mirror of http://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webdriver/ "
"deviation kerning - an experimental technique for monospace fonts"
""
"My personal vim files."
""
"experiments in lisp static analysis"
"tecgraf's iup src repo mirror"
"TorqueBox Release Engineering - DO NOT CLONE"
"A free and simple launcher for Minecraft."
"Mayan calendar generator"
"Sample stack for the LA Scalability Meetup"
"Keep tabs on expensive Ruby garbage collection. Support for NewRelic RPM and Rack."
""
"empty mdogo skeleton app"
"ChinesePuzzle"
"NB plugin for exercise authors"
".vim configurations"
"orion"
"Forum ""Spaghetti"" Modules"
"aospX Vendor"
""
"my dot files"
"This program parses the menus at SiO's restaurants, and generates JSON and HTML files from them."
"Apache mod_rewrite rule to nginx rewrite rule convertor"
""
""
"Personal finances"
""
"Keep track of your personal wine list"
"shared assets used on rpmware.com and related sites."
"A Minecraft hubot adapter"
"Exceptiontrap - Exception Catcher / Tracker and Notifier Gem for Ruby on Rails"
""
"Documentation about the Grml Server"
""
"Community website for Roudebush Farms"
"Automatically add whitelist entries to gld whitelist table"
"Cross-platform game engine written in C++."
"WebID authentication strategy for Passport."
"Create Vim colorschemes with Ruby"
"Gedcom parsers"
"A game engine made in Java using libgdx (Currently in alpha state, and probably will remain that way)"
"Simple iOS prj as a team Run-in"
"Popcorn.js Base Plugin"
"Sample Rootkit for Linux"
"A mobile interface and proxy to the of League of Legends Tribunal"
"Instatus library for content managed microsites, competitions and Facebook applications"
"hongru.github.com"
"My blog"
""
"MQTT Client for the Netduino"
"Interface to the Opsview REST API"
"The official PHP API Client for XMWS"
"Sencha Touch tutorial"
"A framework for Ruby-based web apps"
""
""
"A scalable, semantic, @fontface loving icon set for the world of today"
"Heroku buildpack that supports OpenResty."
"Resume in LaTeX."
"A Visual Studio Extension for Mingle"
"Various tips I collect."
""
"Generell Articles of FunThomas424242 and Huluvu424242"
"(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages."
""
"my config"
"ATLAS good runs list reader and command-line tools"
"ROS wrapper for the RVO2 library"
"Solutions to algorithmic problems"
".emacs.d"
"Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP)."
""
"svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate"
"fork of buildout.eggnet"
""
"My vim files"
"Configuration files for all my unix tools"
"Compiles and bundles things for browser"
"DragonEgg - GCC plugin Using LLVM"
"Resource tracking nif"
"Time-series data logging/graphing framework top of RRDTool"
"Etherton One Name Study using JSF"
"SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 2: Open / Closed Principal"
""
"Incredibly basic bookmarking application."
""
"Behemot`s Lair eXtensible CMS"
"This is the server backend for project ProjectChanged."
"Some scripts for xchat"
"LGE Optimus Pro / Muscat"
"metaflop bespoke font (metafont files)"
"Multiplatform, multiplayer card game: 13"
"docomo SC-02C (Galaxy S2 JP) tweak utility"
""
"Extended SharedPreferences Class for Android"
"SiteSwap, a simple asynchronous test framework based on lunit."
"Janrain Capture Demo"
""
"Pacman in js"
"An OpenSoundControl (OSC) server to dynamically instantiate and control Java objects. Its main application is a GUI library for SuperCollider."
"sneeu.com, as a stationary website"
"Twitter component for Apache Camel"
"Allows for keyboard-only multiple selections.  Select some stuff, mark it, then move the cursor around and add more marks, recall marks, or move between marks."
"A SimpleDB Administration web-interface"
"A blog for node.js."
"Visualization Software for geoscience"
"Functions that assist in working with strings. Node.js"
"Fully decentralized p2p communication network project"
""
"SDSLabs Blog"
"Foil fencing app to run with an IOIO board"
""
"Latex 2 CNXML Transformation"
"Formal semantics of Haskell in K"
""
""
"Numerical tetris-like game using pygame"
""
"R package for constructing confidence regions for exceedance regions"
"This project is for the Gentoo portage system to cleanup or organize DISTDIR"
"Unuk is a project I am working on to show off a few algorithms. Not a lot of effort is made on the gameplay, the five algorithms are where my attention is focussed for this portfolio piece."
"Contao module ce_jquery_slider"
"gq and text formatter for japanese text"
"General ""bits and pieces"" repository."
"Python scripts for Exploratory Data Analysis of Pacific Biosciences sequence data"
"Employee kata from TDD talk at CodeMash (my implementation of it)"
"a graph database"
"Sublime Text 2 user settings"
"Finnish translation for Symphony CMS"
"Hydra head application used at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame"
"iOS layout toolkit for managing automatic layout of views"
"Bukkit/Minecraft plugin to have players pay for typing specific commands - uses Vault."
"my .vim folder"
"A configurable Readable Stream that generates Lorem ipsum.  Helpful in stream testing."
"A brainfuck interpreter with virtually unlimited cells"
"jonas.github.com"
"A source code dump for OneButton FTP, an old OS X FTP client."
"jQuery Mobile Tutorial"
"A Zend-based framework for creating and consuming ReSTful APIs."
""
"Multi-Attribute Sort for Backbone Collection"
"Monotone (a version control system) Emacs integration"
"Various utility scripts"
"objc mongo driver (not production ready)"
"translates es.next variant to es5.1"
"Sample couchapp for tailor shops management."
"Citation, Logging and Multi-Purpose Archive: A bookmarking website engine (think: delicious, pinboard)"
"a bookmarklet to create passwords easily and securely"
"A collections module for the Kohana PHP Framework."
""
"faculty site"
""
"Python code to demonstrate mediac computation ( http://coweb.cc.gatech.edu/mediaComp-teach ) examples."
"The qWikiOffice Web Desktop is an open source project committed to providing an online experience that is unique and user friendly.  Ajax technology combined with the EXT-JS library and cutting edge graphics allow qWikiOffice and the web applications with"
"Fork of warsync"
"Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io"
"A client-server tool that locks/unlocks TCP/UDP ports on a remote machine."
"A simple example presentation made in showboat"
"Modern, statically typed, duck typed, generic, imperative programming language, inspired by C++, Go, and Scala."
"VisIt pyopencl Expressions Sandbox"
""
""
"Template engine based on the Document Object Model no placeholders!"
"A concordancer for corpus-based linuistic research."
""
""
"Plugin providing statistics about a Stud.IP instance's users and their activity"
"a peer to peer hub of json connections"
"Parsing and writing routines for Newick format phylogenies"
""
"Separated groovy template engine for the Play! framework"
"Timeline"
"The home of my personal website, hosted with Jekyll on GitHub Pages."
"Fast-paced shooting game in HTML5 canvas"
"Personal Site"
""
"Color scheme editor for GtkSourceView/Gedit"
"Github page"
"A Logging framework for .NET"
"Interprocedural Static Analysis Engine for Scala"
"Playing with acceleration and inertia on Canvas."
"A jquery plugin for custom selects."
"A simple websocket client for send and receive data from a Node Server."
"Api for using config entries (only partially done)"
"Scaffold Generator for Rails 3.1 and Sencha Extjs 4"
"User page"
""
"Additional Zend Framework (1.x) classes/components"
"Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale, longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated with each stud"
""
"ecommerce framework with flask"
"A Django based framework for quickly creating RESTful interfaces to NoSQL and relational databases"
"Tool Stegano / Crypto"
"OS-level test automation"
"Fork is maintained at https://github.com/guard/guard-brakeman Go there instead"
""
"A Node.js wrapper for libgphoto2"
"A set of Emacs color themes based on Chris Kempson's 'tomorrow' themes"
"Water Balance/Transport Model"
"Instances for QuickCheck classes"
"Nonprofit Starter Pack Relationships Package"
"Building blocks for Qt applications"
"a lean linear math library, aimed at graphics programming. Supports vec3, vec4, mat4x4 and quaternions"
"Pluggable applications support for TurboGears2"
"Example project that demonstrates using reverse auth with Social.framework"
"This is the Yammer adapter for hubot that allows you to send a message to him with Yammer and he will happily reply the same way."
"Cache django views so they can be served directly from Nginx (using Memcache)."
""
"Steam authentication strategy for OmniAuth"
"A multi service threaded MD5 cracker"
"Django integration with python-transifex"
"Application for getting, refreshing and storing OAuth access_tokens for Django standalone applications"
"Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa."
"My Jekyll-based blog"
"Sparkle updater for .NET"
"JDT/UI project repository (eclipse.jdt.ui)"
"Manages image, audio, video, and document uploads and processing."
"css auto sprite tool by nodejs"
"EppLib.NET is a .NET library implementing the Extensible Provisioning Protocol (EPP)"
""
"Easy and extremely simple authorization"
"Grails JXL Plugin"
"blindparser is an all purpose RSS/ATOM feed parser that parses feeds into a common format so that you do not have to care if they are RSS or ATOM feeds"
"A simple python library that enables dynamic SLD creation and manipulation."
""
"Base structure for simple PHP websites"
"A styleguide generator based on kss (https://github.com/kneath/kss), but built in node.js"
"The Internet of Things broker that loves devices and web developers."
"An Etherpad Lite client for Java"
"Safely execute shell commands and get their output."
"Android Live information coming from Twitter"
""
""
"Python script for monitoring rule production, latency, token frequency, etc."
"A libnoise port to Java"
"Computer Systems: A Programmer's Perspective"
"A browser extension/add-on to filter tweets. Currently, supporting Google Chrome.and Mozilla Firefox (15+)"
"Adds validation methods to ActiveModel for validating phone numbers."
"a memory game written for kivy"
"(Not maintained) Short and Sweet UI interactions in JS and Coffee"
""
"Websocket client software for socket.io"
"Simple PHP contact form using bootstrap and the jQuery validation plugin."
"Memorize is written in Java and uses Leitner flashcards to make memorizing facts not only more efficient but also more fun. jMemorize manages your learn progress and features categories, Unicode flashcard texts, statistics and an intuitive interface."
"An Atari 8-bit device emulator for Arduino hardware"
"a sensible (so far java) build tool "
"A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage."
""
""
"[WIP current state : waiting for PhantomJS bugfix] Screenshot Webservice is an open-source REST web service to perform web page screenshots."
"node.js AGI (Asterisk Gateway Interface)"
""
"Adding doctests and JUnit-compatible XML output to Matlab xUnit"
"ForcePad: Every Salesforce app, tab, and record, full CRUD, native iOS, slices these carrots, chops these tomatoes"
"chat. no javascript."
"Work in progress for eventual contribution to scikit-learn"
"A C# client framework for consuming HTTP/REST services"
""
"A wicked fast and robust AS3 library for playing Animated GIFs in Flash."
"web app to record the ping pong league at 3scale"
"FreedomBox version of Privoxy"
"Grisu is a fast, new (2010) algorithm for converting a floating-point number to a decimal string.  It was introduced in a paper by Florian Loitsch (http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?doid=1809028.1806623) and the author claims it to be as much as 4 times fast"
""
"a pArallel Server for Adaptive GeoInformation."
""
"Ruby bindings for the Cluster C library"
"Extend, inherit and clone"
"Lightweight guaranteed-delivery messaging gem backed by ActiveRecord and resque"
"SuperResolution implementation"
"A simple text adventure to help me learn Python"
"OWASP ESAPI for ColdFusion/CFML Project"
"A tool to turn a Greasemonkey user script into a Firefox (XPI) extension."
"Converts an Eagle 6.0+ .brd into a kicad .brd"
""
"minimalistic request library for node"
"Simple 3D Maths Library for Go"
""
"A simple (really simple) bank account manager"
"A TileMill/Carto project for OpenStreetMap PostGIS databases"
"A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance"
"GAE transaction tests"
"A basic Flask app template using MongoEngine"
"Send mongo monitoring info into graphite"
"Dotfiles. For me! My dotfiles."
"Get current weather conditions at your command line"
""
"Collection of developer tools for BrowserID"
""
"A collection scripts for android and linux"
"selenium"
"Hadoop and Storm based outlier analysis implementations for cyber security and fraud detection"
"auto-split frame environment for LaTeX"
"Get names and descriptions from Debian packages on a remote repository"
"Very basic template for new rails projects"
"my dotfiles"
"A dht based on gevent."
"Client-side state representation infrastructure for GWT"
"A gem allowing an active_record model to be default(unique) based on a specified column"
""
"A mobile app for sending georeferenced image and voice recordings from an Adroid phone to an email address. For more information, please go to http://sautiyawakulima.net/ojovoz"
""
"JavaScript that allows a simple transformation of formtastic's inline hints into qTip2 tooltips"
"An openFrameworks addon to show several different methods of using openCV for foreground/background image segmentation"
"A rails app for managing flights (focused on gliding and on the situation in germany)"
"monkeypatched fork of comptypes to support faster WMI access"
"A tool managing configuration files across multiple boxen."
"token-based message encryption/decryption"
"Dropbox ReST API client for Zend Framework v1"
"Paul Graham's On Lisp"
"My dotfiles"
"A badass Django project template"
""
""
"Me!"
"A 2D scrolling platformer--my first game ever."
"PostBin, a simple web service for testing WebHooks (HTTP POST requests)."
"A multitouch game for, with and because of Kivy"
""
"A simple vim bundle for working with gyp files."
""
"experimentation for a webgl tunnel"
""
""
"A simple blogging mechanism for writers that code."
"Homepage for Sencha Labs"
"Dashboard with various profiling tools suitable for live servers"
"Package Control repository for my Sublime Text 2/3 packages"
"random utility scripts"
"Corona SDK: Easily tile an image on the background"
"Budgeting with envelopes"
"iOS 5 Container View Controller that mimcs the behaviour of the Path 2.0 and Facebook apps."
"A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree"
"GURLS: a Toolbox for Regularized Least Squares Learning"
"Blacklist of common words for web applications that give out subdomains to their users"
"English To DateTime is a plugin that takes (from an input field) both relative dates or dates formatted like M/D/Y and returns a JS Date object corresponding to that date."
""
"pyboleto fixes on Caixa boleto"
"no-frills Haskell arrays"
"IH+"
"Another yii application for start development"
"VendorKit test repository"
"just trying various things with Ember.js"
"DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit"
""
""
"Puppet module to set up debian repositories with reprepro"
"Generates a unique XPath for a given DOM node"
"A C# .NET example using MongoDb to create and display scary dragons! Uses a repository pattern and business layer to access data in the cloud via MongoLab."
"Design Pattern"
"Emacs, Zsh, Conkeror, GNU screen etc configuration files"
"HAProxy monitor library for node.js"
""
"trivial augmented reality (GPS based)"
"Vim dotfiles for pathogen and other configurations"
"An example website template for managing a band using Ruby on Rails"
"This is a sandbox that you can experiment with anything in"
"Remark log viewer / Github mirror"
""
"A node.js module for reactive webcrawling"
"A system to better manage UITableView data source classes, because they can be reusable too! "
"~soffes"
"WebGCal web application - Django project"
"An addon to integrate the Clipperz Communicy Edition into Mozilla Firefox."
"Static website for enfocus hosted through ghpages"
"This is a fork of the open source agent simulation platform ""Gestalt""."
""
"A simple gradle project to illustrate a gradle introduction article"
"My VIM setup"
"Simple, interactive family portrait app"
"A gem allowing an active_record model to have previous, next based on single column"
"node.js tumblr API client (incomplete)"
""
"Tiny Ruby library to work with Maven's pom.xml files."
"Terminal Emulator for webOS"
"X related configs"
"hl7 server"
"Skinny OAuth 1.0 wrapper for Node.js"
"PostgreSQL client application"
"Test various stock purchasing strategies."
"A wrapper for Swing aiming to provide more concise syntax and extra functionality. Still in heavy development, syntax may change radically."
""
"iOS application deployment helpers"
"Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file"
"Mix behaviours into objects"
""
"Barron helps you with locking. It uses file-system locks, but eventually configurable backends would be nice."
"  This project has been deprecated."
"Public Examples"
"Main source code for all Line Following Robot projects"
"Just some SRPMS for Fedora that I made"
""
"Alternative calendar export plugin for Moodle 2"
"Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there."
"Python module for file versioning API in Windows"
"Store location information and handle geolocation and lookups elegantly."
"Misc configuration files"
"Projects i do in arduino"
"my .janus directory"
"Automation script that monitors an email account to perform various tasks. Mostly database lookups and email notifications, etc."
"Powershell Scripts"
""
"Pagelime Rails Plugin"
"Version 2.1.0 of dwipe from DBAN with improved functionalities"
"Codeigniter 2.x easy form creator base on native CI form helper and validation library. Support ajax"
"Slides and example code for a talk on Inline::C, presented to Thousand Oaks Perl Mongers & Los Angeles Perl Mongers Nov/Dec 2011"
"IA32  Bootloader"
"Wicket Aciviti integration"
"mcbans"
"An Angstrom distro for the Archos 101IT tablet based on OpenEmbedded, with Qt4 and Qt5 support including multitouch and OpenGL/ES2"
"Django apps running on my sandbox at www.anthonydb.com"
"Linux kernel module handling"
"caustic lets you build scrapers in JSON, and run them on an android device."
"Command line utility to reload the active browser tab"
"Quartz listeners that publish events over AMQP. Developed to be used in Clojure projects with Quartzite."
""
"My github pages repository."
""
"4AGE specific hardware for FreeEMS. "
"A set of packages for the concrete5 content management system used by the ITM web site"
""
"Selenium tests for ons project"
"A plugin for creating a custom checkbox or radio button"
""
"Custom GeoServer Extensions"
"(Ember Only) A rich date time class with utilities"
"Page Visibility API emulation for Firefox 5+"
"dotfiles"
"hardware gamepad support in any app"
"my personal page"
"Go package which allows to bind channel with any IO reader or writer interface."
"ZF, Doctrine2 based CMS with CRUD, Symfony DI, etc."
"my portable .bashrc"
"JavaScript/HTML5 Canvas based teleprompter"
"reddit videos gone social"
""
""
"Laika Compatible version of reFocus for Plex ""Back to Blue Edition"". Please switch to the plex_ht branch for the Plex/HT compatible version."
"java utils"
"Kernel src for the LG Esteem MS910"
"Cross-platform music player that connects to multiple music services"
"Leaf Falling"
"BNS Body Classes WordPress Plugin"
"My personal repository of tools for solving Project Euler problems"
"The popup multibox program I am writing for fun using C#"
"Direct Acyclic Word Graph"
"Expressive testing tools for creating assertions over the NUnit testing framework."
"QuickBeer brings you beer reviews and descriptions."
"SWFEditor for JavaScript"
"An experiment with a bunch of frameworks I wanted to try out"
"A way to read RSS feeds using Lua and Corona SDK"
"The AMV library used by Basingstoke Anime Society"
"The latest update to SimplePie integrating with CodeIgniter"
""
""
"Scotland Yard board game"
""
"Subtitles Translation Helper"
"ProtoType Magic: Programming Mastery"
""
"Android Recovery"
"Fork of Pyglet to provide OpenGL Core functionality on Mac OS-X. Please use the official repository unless you require these changes."
"setup http proxy or database(oracle) sms msg table monitor to send/receive sms using telecomunication industry's SGIP/SMPP protocol "
"swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava."
""
"An R package to help manage R projects (e.g. Sweave reports) where multiple versions are created based upon a single source repository. For example, a monthly report where each versions is identitcal with the exception of easily definable parameters (e.g."
"Simple gem to assist with persisting configuration data."
"A thin wrapper around the JavaScript Cytoscape Web library for Google Web Toolkit"
"A program that shutdown the phone if nothing is done (screen stays locked) during a time defined by the user"
"Website powered by Javascript, .NET(Fleck and RavenDB) on server, for doing some crazy democracy"
"Home Page"
"A django cache backend for ultramemcached"
"a simple blog made with rails"
"Little app to split and scale a large png tile for use in a osm tile server"
"Configuration files for *ix home dirs"
"redirects to personal site"
"pgsql"
"C language wrapper for RE2 the regular expressions library from Google"
"Smart line-wrapping with wrap-prefix"
"camera controller with AVFoundation"
"Demo Applicaiton"
"Yet another IRC bot library..."
"A flocking simulation implemented using canvas and Javascript."
"SIMSUN  HOMEPAGE"
"An analog light control library for arduino"
"qshutdown for timebased shutdown/reboot/suspend/hibernate; qprogram-starter for starting commands and programs on a certain time, logging all output "
"A CoffeeScript Molecular Visualizer for HTML5 browsers"
"A library of objects and routines which will allow you to interface with i2c serial eeprom devices."
""
"Open data on 4,000+ social media apps from oneforty.com #hubspot-open-source"
""
""
"Nokia Education Delivery documentation"
"FTMK T shirt"
"Scripts to make P4 CLI easier to use"
""
"Adding support in cctools/parrot for reading from CVMFS."
"Picture gallery with backend section to manage images and text."
"Rockbox"
""
"An interpreter"
"delo's github page"
"The Flatterline website."
"Progetto di esempio per Continuous Integration con Jenkins e Phing"
"Search System"
"HTTP request for Luvit"
""
""
"Frank-Wolf algorithm for solving traffic assignment problem"
""
"My personal website"
"clojure interface to interact with (java-)objects in the hibernate ORM"
""
"Experimenting with a html5 ebook to get my son to read more. "
"Implementation in C# of Kyle Bragger's tiny project"
"Perl module implementing prime number tools in C++ with the Sieve of Eratosthenes."
""
"Is there food at Communitech Hub?"
"An open-source application built on the Google App Engine"
"chuo.me Blog"
"Code Examples for my blog"
"Yet Another Scan Wizard"
"commerce v1"
"Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012"
"Buzzword bingo web page for FRC kickoff"
"Simple class designed to cache results into a Dictionary for quick and easy retrieval."
"Gallery view for Plone using jquery.fancybox"
"krw measures and other krw specific material"
"A simple Enyo UI library"
"Dumps the content of an Artifactory Maven repo."
"Replace your boring place-holder images with beautiful public domain images of history's greatest artwork and sculptures."
"Testing commits for our super project"
"(DEPRECATED) My first html game start."
""
"A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/)."
"My custom LaTeX styles."
"This is a collection of useful Oracle SQL and shell scripts that I frequently use"
"An image gallery application for Django framework"
"Modified version of SuSE ftp-proxy"
"Some exercices"
"NGINX module providing userspace cooperative multitasking for IO-bound content-handlers"
""
"Conditionally roll out features with redis."
"My own, somewhat clumsy, attempt at creating a fully custom UI for World of Warcraft"
"jvm monitoring"
""
"Multiplatform application for the solution of two-dimensional problems described by PDE, based on the Hermes2D library"
"vim configuration files"
"Basic ZendFramework2 example application using Doctrine2 and the SpiffyDoctrine modules"
"Scripts for cleaning up (large) Maven projects"
""
"A random assortment of TextMate bundles as used by USM"
"Export your Facebook Page or App Profile"
""
"vim setting"
"collection of ruby util scripts"
"This header file enforces Clang warnings to bu turned-on for specific flags (almost everyone, at least each one I was able to find).  "
""
"Send email from inside a PostgreSQL Database."
"A mirror of the official Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup source code repository, updated daily. Please direct all pull requests to the official repository on Gitorious."
"Mesoamerican Long Count calendar date converter"
"A makefile for VHDL, verilog and VHDL-AMS files compilation with Mentor modelsim/questa or Cadence ncsim simulators"
"iOS chiptune/module player"
""
"Personal Site"
"Remake of the classic Achtung die Kurve using HTML5 websockets"
"Implementation of a simple Perceptron classifier."
"Android app that intercepts SMS messages which match a user-defined RegEx and then goes nuts"
"My changes"
"IPC::Concurrency::DBI - Control how many instances of an application run in parallel, using DBI as the IPC method."
"Cloud Climate Configurator (C3) "
"a django-cms plugin portafolio"
"Provides a PHP Class to access Readmill API"
"Sample application showing sketching & collaboration using HTML5 canvas and short-interval data poll."
"My website"
"Vala API files (.vapi) "
"A minimal online chatroom implemented using HTML5's Websockets with a Ruby back end.   It's pretty basic right now, and probably won't be useful to many people."
"A public- and private-key manipulation tool"
""
"Yale Undergraduate Aerospace Association"
"My dotfiles"
"decl is a javascript function that creates a prototype object and returns its constructor."
"Manage your rails email templates with liquid. Bonus: Newsletters"
"Perl Module to Analyze Text Databases"
""
""
"device_softwinner_common from source drop"
"Safari Extension extracting information from a Mantis issue and adds it to a GitHub issue"
"Black Belts @___@"
"A Email queue"
""
"Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs."
"CCcam server based on twin protocal"
""
"Simple Markdown Service In Sinatra"
"Sources for sa2ajj.mawhrin.net"
"Using onwire sensors, a prepay 3g card, two linux machine (client, server), I want to monitor temperature, humidity, etc."
"Seventh version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP"
"Some snippets of statistics and R"
"My Resume in LaTeX"
"ZeroMQ transport for nginx"
"My Github Page"
"~/.emacs.d/ reconstruction project, after the Great Emacs Apocalypse"
"The Laughing Man logo implemented in pure HTML/CSS"
"My (unofficial) xxxterm repository"
"Miscellaneous"
"Looks up warranty Information based on dell service tags"
"Little ruby gem for parsing release text files from Diamond Comics"
"A simple gem to deal with openstack quantum"
"Blog"
"www.sophsec.com"
"WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS."
"my emacs configs"
"How to have average rating of the filmography of an actor ? With this script !"
"C++ implementation of Dirichlet Process Bayesian Clustering"
"Salesforce.com-based tool that imports people and event registrations from Eventbrite into Salesforce."
"Rails without the data loss."
"No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr"
"collection of R util scripts"
""
"All sample projects, which belong to my posts on blog.volger.org"
"A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology"
"weuolululuGitHubProjects"
"collection of scripts I use to handle locales at Diaspora"
"Automate ID3 tagging for mp3 collections"
"ZOMG Memes! Realtime! Node.js! Kittehs! memecached is a community meme generator website/app written with Node.js. Meme publishing and consumption is realtime thanks to Now.js."
"asteroids with webGL"
"synchronize objects through a stream"
"App to store encrypted login/password information about websites"
"HTML5 Port of Minicraft"
"Remove and disable dylibs for mobile substrate tweaks"
"User Authorization as a Service"
"Run the DNS-323 firmware in QEMU"
"Pomodoro task management application"
"TinaSoft Desktop Project"
"Use SickBeard with Siri!"
"Adds caret moving and newline entering commands."
"An example project that uses the Heroku OpenResty buildpack."
"Commandline application for manipulating geometry."
"RCCE"
"An attempt to update killermonk's Netbeans' lesscss-module"
""
""
"YAOHA is an Android Application that lets you view and edit opening hours in OpenStreetMap"
"Relief1 - Providing a complete Disaster Preparedness, Relief and Recovery System for use worldwide."
"A hypothetical Dropbox API app that makes it possible to do image searches from Dropbox."
"Simple blog application written using Django"
"A jQuery Mobile theme for UF"
"Socket.IO-client in Rails asset pipeline"
""
"budget lines and binary questions based on region monitoring"
"UITabBarController category for easily adding iAds with resizable views and auto rotation support."
"jQuery phZoom Plugin"
"play framework adaptation of the drupal CMS"
"Seattle GTUG App Engine Bootcamp"
"JQuery imagesloaded plugin registration for the Plone CMS"
""
"JQuery easing plugin registration for the Plone CMS"
"in this file, projects written in Haskell exist"
"Miscellaneous Nagios plugins and helpers"
""
"sohuwuhan"
"Minimal template for developing packages for Python"
"DMTCP (Distributed MultiThread CheckPointing) is a Checkpoint/Restart utility for Linux"
"Webhook test"
"First Mod"
"Fix for wellcom a88 armv6"
"My vimfiles"
"Node.js Version of MMSG for Chinese Word Segmentation"
"sjtuers"
"MoveCraft was originally developed by Yogoda, then SycoPrime, now Valgor"
"Gis Application development course work"
"Conquest on Rails is a browser-based wargame."
"The PHPBenelux App"
""
"simple Calculator Plugin for Siriproxy"
"REST supervision app client for android devices. Part of my degree"
""
"Golang django-like admin with mgo backend"
"This is a plugin that makes it simpler to create, control, and animate x3dom based scenes using jQuery."
"Our Senior Project"
"Backbone Scaffolding"
"Solutions to problems from K & R"
"The example files for Building Android Apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript"
"Code used on blog.afistfulofservers.net"
"Package a play release as a debian package"
"Javascript client library and app for CKAN data hub software"
""
"Graduated to js.scala: JavaScript as an embedded DSL in Scala"
"Provides a Spout GUI for xAuth"
""
"Workantile' Site"
"Example prosthetics in a django-nonrel based runner environment."
"koshinuke java server implementation"
"NodeJs Module for the KnockoutJs MVVM Library (Useful for unit tests via NodeJs)"
"The marriage of ALAssetsLibrary and EGOPhotoViewController"
"A Puppet DNS records management module for DNSimple, DNSMadeEasy and AWS Route53"
"Visualize commits on a bubble chart."
"Extension of the agg svg parser from the agg distribution"
"Long expires cache buster plugin for Lumbar"
"My current vim setup (.vimrc, .gvimrc and .vim directory)"
""
"rcp with facebook integration"
""
"Port of Ponify for Safari"
"KNVS is a light weight javascript library for canvas animations"
"Some resources that can be used for workshops an courses on Dojo Ajax Toolkit"
"Simple, scaleable carousels for jQuery (MIT)"
"Measured Voice AWS deployment tools"
"Self contained self hosting Nancy demo"
":izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight"
"Mobile crm for Intalio|Cloud"
"A small, lightweight twitter client"
"fm"
"The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper"
"A zc.buildout configuration to deploy redmine"
"Handwriting app for Android"
"A touch controller for cocos2d used for pinch-zooming and panning around"
"ATIUS - Opensource IT Management Software"
"PHP implementation of $1 Unistroke Recognizer"
"The diamonds gallery for alon's site"
"PHPizza is now being maintained as ""Swadhin Framework"""
"Script to convert Logs from Amazon S3 to CLF"
""
"Qgis plugins useful in archaeology, optimized for ArcheOS GNU/Linux distribution."
"A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)"
"Some code to handle multiple plesk servers with a single mail gateway."
"A 2D rigid body simulator written in C++."
"a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django"
"Ally-py"
""
"performance work for narayana"
"A jQuery plugin to build a website on the infinite canvas"
"Sort-friendly URI Reordering Transform (SURT) python package"
"An automated tool for importing media files in Open Access articles into Wikimedia Commons"
"A module for ProcessWire that generates a sitemap.xml file for use with major search engines."
"When the object or arg to a delayed_job is a Mongoid document, store only a small stub of the object instead of the full serialization."
"Restlet Framework for JavaScript"
""
":wrench: OS X / Ubuntu dotfiles"
"Simple IRC Channel bot"
"CoderDojo's wiki"
"Python interface to the Starlink AST library"
"Ini like format parser written in D"
"UWSGI log analyzer inspired by pgFouine"
"A ruby interface for interacting with a Cobbler server."
"Brings monads with nice syntactic sugar to Haxe"
"[Magento Extension] It allows frontend developer to send ajax requests and return a custom information from the server without a php developer help (without any php code)."
"Table Component for elisp"
"adc"
"A script that allows you to control OpenVPN from within XBMC."
"plugin.audio.qobuz"
"A mirror of the testing series of the KiCad bazaar repository."
""
"Images Lazy Load for jQuery"
"extension for grit"
"Samsung Epic 4G Device Specific Files"
"Geniverse spike into SproutCore"
"Implement your own server using the redis protocol"
"XenonHD phone"
"DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius"
"damn simple config file parser for python"
"Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)"
"Modular PHP framework"
"emit events in order"
"A Joomla! extension that add a Facebook Like Box on the web site."
""
"distributed compilation in go"
"The Catalyst::Action::REST Distribution"
"Sphinxsearch nagios check plugin"
""
"Modulo's Open Distributed SCAP Infrastructure Collector, or modSIC, makes it easier for security analysts to scan an environment vulnerabilities based on OVAL-Definitions. It's an open-source service specialized in distributed network assessments."
""
"Bombolone is a tasty Content Management System for Python based on Flask, MongoDB, AngularJS, Sass and Bootstrap. It's designed to be a simple, flexible toolset for projects of any size."
"Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle"
"WordPress plugin to limit search to the post title when adding links to content or adding pages to a menu."
"Cocktail is an application development platform that takes the pain out of the development of data-driven rich XAML applications. It is a blend of three popular frameworks: Caliburn.Micro + DevForce + Entity Framework. Line of business applications need t"
"Fusion Linux is Linux distribution that has desktop usability, ease of use and latest features as top priority."
"CQRS Tic Tac Toe exercise with Axon"
""
""
"This extension allows you to resize/rotate images from Caja."
"Read and write to DynECT Email REST API"
"My VIM configuration & plugins"
"Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)"
"content editing/publishing platform??"
""
""
"simple ToDo list using node.js and MongoDB"
"Application using s#arp lite"
"an app to track trending objects where ""trending"" is defined as views per day"
"Maven Archetype - Bukkit Plugin"
"msgpack implementation by pure Lua (5.1) works without LuajJIT and FFI."
"Locale data for Hackasaurus, pulled from localize.mozilla.org."
""
"A Kohana version 3.x wrapper for swiftmail"
"mattd companion tools"
"JQuery datatables.net implementation in CodeIgniter"
"A python server library and out-of-the-box reference implementation server"
"Advanced music player"
"This is a plugin for Question2Answer that provides AntiBot Captcha - simple good-looking, but well-protected plugin against spam robots for your contents."
"A log writer for Kohana 3 that logs to a loggly account."
"times loop for your coffee."
""
"Brainstorming, idea management & voting"
"Simplenews feature branches"
""
"A simple Textile parser written in Clojure"
"My implementation of the Gilded Kata. "
"Jenkins plugin for JBoss.org project analysis tool Tattletale"
"javascript clean code reviewer"
"this is the eyewriter 1.0 code"
"qxAdm"
"Vae Platform Local Development Environment"
"Mobile application for DevConf"
"authenticated denial of existence"
"Simple code instrumentation utilities"
"Simple Java Swing Program for running your HQL and SQL Queries."
"experimental sdl based terminal with gnu unifont font rendering using libvterm"
"A fast and lightweight persistence framework"
"A fast(?) fullscreen image-sequence player."
"Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin allows to compress HTML/XML files by adding a few lines to the pom file."
"Another HTML5 Forms shim"
""
"Use django admin with custom objects"
"Map Overlay Web Service for the Australian Bureu of Meteorology "
"A jquery placeholder plugin similar to tumblr's based on MrColes' jsfiddle snippet."
"Shampoo mode for Emacs"
"A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations"
"Safe compile-time module loading from a variable"
"A simple sanitiser/sanitizer for NodeJS"
"Converts XML files to SQL in different formats"
""
"My Emacs configuration (contents of ~/.emacs.d/)"
"Qunar Auto Test Util"
"Emacs setup (CSS / Erlang / HTML / Javascript / Lisp)"
"RRSenderPhoto plugin for Mac Mail"
"Conkeror configs"
"Caesar Cipher for Intel 8051"
"Announces things for Android"
""
"Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco"
"A NodeJS MUD prototype"
"Rails 3.1 admin"
"Device configuration for Samsung SCH-I905 (Galaxy Tab 10.1 on Verizon)"
""
"NovusCraft website"
"Simple Maven project of a CodeKata in which you simply wrap a string by inserting line breaks after a certain number of characters (columns)."
"Versatile mail filter with firewall like configuration."
"Minesweeper in CoffeeScript"
"Advanced file transfer plugin for phonegap"
"A Leiningen plugin to generate Autodoc pages for your project"
"A C#/WPF countdown timer"
"Demo project for trying out Java annotation processing"
"Habbo Hotel emulator targeting the ""v13"" client."
"Spring MVC sample project, which is using iBatis. Now it's still under construction."
"THIS BUNDLE IS NOT SUPPORTED ANYMORE. USE LMS42 version (link below)"
":house_with_garden: configuration files commonly found in one's home directory (.bashrc, .vimrc, etc), customized to my personal preferences"
"security frameworks"
"Add app/services to Rails 3 "
"goodpunk"
"A british set of libraries + widgets for dealing with colour"
"FreeBSD Port for Graphite"
"open source content management"
"pdfbox (pdfbox.apache.org) with AES support, and reworked digital signature"
""
"Application pour l'Analyse des Geeks sur Android"
"demo of postgres as a cloud service for Heroku"
"SBT Plugin for ember.js"
""
"My solutions to Project Euler questions"
"Python IRC bot (name may change in the future) - INACTIVE/DEAD"
"Show death messages in the server console/log. Plugin for Bukkit."
"GitHub version of the Google Code Smarty"
""
"Project template for authlogic and omniauth in Rails3"
"Tivion Video Add-on for XBMC "
"Redislite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, redis-compatible database engine."
"Vim plugin that changes the color of the statusbar of the focused window according with the current mode (normal/insert/replace)"
"Erlang xslt processor with pool and xml serializer (from lists and proplists)."
"The ATReference is an extended version of the Archivists' Toolkit that includes a reference module designed by the Rockefeller Archive Center"
"A simple updater application for .Net applications that is a good alternative to ClickOnce"
"a home automation scripting framework for Ruby"
"Documentation bundled with KISS IDE"
"It is simply C's code that get freshman learn."
"Second Server side implementation for ohmage server"
""
"a javascript rogue-like game"
"These are my dotfiles. There are many like it, but this one is mine."
""
"Supervised Distance Metric Learning with R"
"NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer"
"Projet gHome"
"MSP430 programmes"
""
"source code of 24photos .org"
"Shibboleth Native SP support for Grails Spring Security"
"First version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*"
""
"Ruby / Sinatra port of Yongho's PHP TEDx logo generator"
"A simple animated image rotator."
"Matt Hackett's little website."
"One hour JavaScript - Stuff I wrote in an hour."
"web front end for mpd, allows remove/add of songs, more planned."
"Modified versions of TClock Light."
"A small javascript bookmarklet to replace video.xin.msn.com's Flash Player with the HTML5 <video /> tag"
"Kohana 3.2 basic CRUD / scaffold"
"Converts a RFC (such as RFC 2616 http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616.txt) to an ePub"
"Contao update files from older versions to newer"
""
"CNC laser cutter controller, compatible with LaserSaur but better."
"Puppet report processor to send events to Flowdock"
"A ruby wrapper for amazon product search"
"Enhancements and improvements for Delayed Job 2.x"
"Home of the xxKernel"
"Hubot adapter for Nurph"
"An extensible and sweet ""standard"" library for JavaScript."
""
"This is some code that generates indesign documents from json data taken from incom.org"
"school life app"
"Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases."
"An example showing how to send, receive and play audio data via websockets"
"ETRACS Version 2.0"
"Learn how to program by solving & creating physics based puzzles (like Angry Birds)"
"LGE Thrill 4G"
"Economist to Kindle"
""
"Sistema Gerencial"
"Supplement the Facebook ios sdk with Blocks & NSOperation goodness"
"An adoption of my e4 contacts demo for GWT, using the GWT MVP architecture with activities, places, event bus, etc."
"Redmine to github converter script"
""
"A swift, lightweight forum system"
""
"Fork of pyftpdlib that adds unicode support to the py2.x branch"
"lock free modified prefix B+tree append-only database "
"vimrc, plugins, colorschemes, etc."
"Use inkscape drawings for presentations"
"Amount inflectsion for year, month, week and day. Also converting numbers to words in HRK (Croatian) "
"A Latex presentation template which looks like a Keynote presentation"
"Lua-Qt bindings"
"scala's local librarian"
"true russian localization of linux console"
"FaveCon AddressBook"
"Project for for learning github "
""
"AgMIP Web Services API"
"Client-side form validation plugin for jQuery"
"Automatically detect connections to wifi hotspots (captive portals) and use configured credentials to keep you logged in."
"Port the FUSE library to Android."
"Experiments with overtone."
"An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL."
"DooMKernel sources for HTC JetStream"
"Spring 3.1 Features Demos"
"EML examples"
"Example of a bug in SpecFlow"
"Apotomo Examples with Rails3"
"a form builder for producing the php/js/html for codeigniter 2.x forms."
"Has packages up common association patterns."
"Festival de Ideias"
"Javascript implementation of WTForms validators"
"Social dynamic particle system in javascript (both client and server)"
"Multilingual version of qooxdoo"
"Cloud tools to monitor and manage cloud servers. Great alternative to some expensive tools"
"Boundaries is a small Corona SDK project showing how to calculate min/max visible X & Y values and actual screen dimensions"
""
"Simple implementation of a crit-bit tree in C"
"The source for the clojure.mn homepage."
"PIL for Ubuntu(changes for successfull build under Ubuntu)"
""
""
"A convention based framework on ASP.NET MVC to start Domain Driven project"
"C++ Binding for CLIPS Rules Engine"
""
""
"Less-than-pure Functional Reactive Programming for Javascript"
"MIRAculous is a graphical interface for the sequence assembler MIRA."
""
"My own set of utils for Android applications"
"Github home "
""
"Artemis Project Ported to Python"
""
""
"Source code of the http://nantesparcours.lafamillebn.net web site"
"My personal solutions to some well known code katas."
"the universal gnome search applet, migrated to mate"
"A new codebase for my personal site."
"A unification library for Smalltalk."
"A mobile/tablet content management extension for Contao Open Source CMS"
"C++/C template based on mako"
""
""
"Adroid version for the Sage Firefox extension"
"Label System"
"flicksplorer - flickr api, iphone app"
""
"Signal processing tools used on 16/32 bit MCU. Specifically developed for photoplethysmography."
"Recent comments widget for the telestrekoza"
"My homepage"
"BZFlag 2.4.0, ICS491 Fall 2011"
"social open study meeting"
"Firth is an experimental modern Forth for 64bit x86_64 processors"
""
""
"CouchApp remake of www.hellomovies.com"
"An online platform for learning New Testament Greek"
"The hub for OMGPOP weekly engineering challenges"
"UrbanTerror ID/IP Database"
"At the begin and end of a torrent"
"TicTacToe game for C++ learning"
"Provides some basic classes to describe the structure of a software project."
"OpenGL base application for Windows"
"foems .net app for little trav db maintenance, invoice & orders"
"Automatic download wallpapers with desired resolution from interfaceLift"
"a simple implementation of LR in c++"
"my thor scripts"
""
"Rails Excel strategy to write xlsx files through rubyXL gem"
"jenkins stuff"
""
""
"Conxugalego iOS"
"DicionarioGalego iOS"
"A Chrome plugin to inject twitter bootstrap css"
"Simplize using fusionchart free in ruby on rails"
"NanoJPEG ported to Python"
"A django contrib with model url change"
"When I browse a subreddit, I like to open all the new links in new Chrome tabs to cruise through them faster. This opens all of them at once!"
"Export ethtool stuff through SNMP"
"A port of FRCTableViewDataSources for KKGridView -- WARNING: Hugely untested!"
""
"""First Head: Design Patterns"" book training source files"
"Extended Library and Surveys Engine"
"Integration of components "
"A dropbox-like project using python and git."
"Nuffield NHS Timeline"
""
"The !CHAOS project, an INFN (www.infn.it - Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics) project, is aiming at the development of a new concept of control system and data acquisition framework providing, with a high level of abstraction, all the services"
""
"collection of handy scripts often used in DB/A activities"
"A Processing library for exporting sketches to the Blinkenlights BML file format."
"A reverse proxy cache for Zend Framework 2 applications"
"Mock Sword v1 Server"
"E-commerce prototype using Rails for store front with adding features, using Magento for product data store and order processing"
"Basic structure for building HTML sites using Middleman, HAML/SASS, and HTML5 Boilerplate"
"A Ruby Service Bus"
""
"cherrypy fun"
"vimrc etc."
""
""
"spring springmvc hibernate ehcache sitemesh MAVAN archetype"
"A plugin template for WordPress. Initialize a new plugin, build, and include desired libraries."
""
"Client library for the Player (operation system for robots) in pure Ruby"
"Stores user needed Url"
"This program use for kill someone that use netcut on your lan"
"Web application in RoR that manages GPX treks and geotagged pictures"
"wsn project based on leon3 processor"
"A software package for cosmological perturbation theory"
"chinese tokenizer,transplant from java IKAnalyzer project"
"Some subversion hooks I wrote"
"phonegap sample applications"
"website"
""
"A disorganized list of tips and tricks."
"a personal project"
"Conf PuppetMaster"
"When finished, Cookbook will be a resource for working with the Envato Marketplace API. It'll provide code snippets and examples for a variety of languages."
"Stud.IP plugin that displays a ""please update your browser"" message to users using outdated browser versions."
"my vimrc config and vim folder"
"Minimal Cython interface to LLVM JIT"
"SivaLabs: A project for my personal use."
"my blog application source."
"Cardboard is a Magic: The Gathering game engine written in Python."
"A set of experimentation scripts for the WISEBED experiment facilities"
"An extension for Joomla! that put on your site a floating box, that contains social media buttons. The extension also puts buttons into the articles."
"Figure out where to fly to meet up with someone"
"ASP.NET HashDoS PoC Payload"
"WifiCamera is a Python module for controlling the network camera CS-W07G-CY."
"CPAN browser for Android phones"
"A php class for creating trees from database rows."
"A generator for Buddhabrot-images."
"An interpreter for the Concur programming language written in C."
"Provides a calculated due date for new issues created in redmine"
"A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects."
"some config files in my home directory, like as "".gitconfig"", "".bashrc"", "".vimrc"", etc."
""
""
"Zebra label printer ZPL interpreter and rasterizator"
"Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL"
"This is a free APi to create dinamically QR Codes. Support several types of images like PNG, SVG, EPS."
""
""
"A responsive, event-driven dropdown menu jQuery plugin"
""
"Appearance Is Everything - Advanced appearance themes for the Qooxdoo JavaScript Framework"
"A very small danbooru style image gallery."
"Javascript iptables ruleset generator"
"My homepage"
"An alternative to ruby Benchmark"
"Converts PDFs for Kindle Touch"
""
"Java Iterator library like LINQ."
"I'm new in ruby scripts! Just say stop siri proxy or stopp siri proxy and your siri proxy will stop immidiatley."
"Link shortner using Nancy and mono to be hosted with nginx"
"HTML version of Finicky for eventual use with Phonegap."
"PHP Error Responses"
""
"javascript integrated queries"
"Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED"
"A password generator I can trust"
"Widgets for OpenCorporates"
"myblog"
"A centralized suite of extensions for the TTYtter Twitter client. These extensions add features such as sound notifications, text to speech, and more."
"A Dashboard for Solr replication"
"A PHP 5.3+ framework for Robots.txt"
"Team 2342's robot software repository"
"A test bed for Django templates"
"A Vim color scheme based on Jason W Ryan's miromiro Vim color file and dark terminal color scheme."
"Consultorio del Doctor Galindo"
"My curriculum vitae"
"Mediator pattern for Halo, a client-side MVC framework."
""
""
"A Python wrapper for the Cosm/Pachube v2 API, using the twisted networking framework"
""
""
""
"Conditionally roll out features with Javascript "
"connect.js middleware for OAuth 1.0/2.0"
""
"XSLT processor bases on Nginx"
"shell menu"
""
"Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl"
"JavaScript RTF document generator"
"24x16 led matrix display based clock"
"Element-wise (vectorized) function, method and operator support for iterables in python"
"PCB design for the micromouse project @ RU IEEE 2012"
"Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard"
"Website deployment tool"
"Simple sinatra site with a script to check if the Bing API is functioning properly"
"The simplest to-do app that works everywhere."
"Dummy repo with a redirect to new home for the original project."
"Configuration files for tools I use (e.g. vim)."
""
""
"Distributed testing tool for the MIT Battlecode competition"
"Herbie and Jamal's Super Rob You Now Adventures"
"NextGEN Enhancer Wordpress Plugin"
"high-level console color formatting"
"Nennius was an 9th century historian"
"modul PMB di sebuah tempat :P"
"A Buegelperlen image converter in python"
"A nice little side panel for iOS."
"typed.js is a library for working with types in Javascript. It is intended to be more consistent and robust that native Javascript type checking."
"A demo Facebook connect application using the MultiPass library made w/ the Silex micro-framework."
"My attempt to add threads to win32 port of sbcl"
"A visualization of cost of living to demonstrate linked views in D3 and backbone.js"
"Repository of tests for the Web-based Inquiry Science Environment (WISE)"
"noob rpg"
"simple and light-weight XMPP Instant Messaging server implementation"
"The OpenDemocracy.fi project"
"Repo for making VIRSYS compatible with java"
"This is the source of the website at http://cytoplasm.somethingsido.com"
"Contains Verify - fast and extensible class for simple method arguments asserts. Example: Verify.Args(new { param1, param2 }).NotNull()"
"Light colorscheme"
""
"blog"
"BusBook"
"A grails (grails.org) based demo agent for the PowerTAC competiton."
"Rails form builder for generating forms using Twitter Bootstrap styling"
"AntJanus snippets and laboratory experiments"
"Python Compiler Compiler"
""
"Simple Samik Console."
"PicoMachine: minimal finite state machine"
"web based shell with encrypted fs"
""
"java project"
""
""
"plot your visitors locations in real time "
"HTML and jQuery example of creating an auto save method."
"A Django app for generating PDF/DOCX reports from (simple) HTML documents"
"JavaScript written Class to evaluate a password (score from 0 to 100). Usefull to show a User how good is his choosen password."
"Reload anything"
"Qt/C++ card games (for fun and no-profit!)"
""
"Jekyll website for marran.com"
"Icons for the OAM project"
"Automated Functional Testing for ios based on Cucumber"
"Library for Facebook-enabled network games, based on Three Rings' Game Gardens service"
"TCP"
"Plain Old Ruby Template Handler"
"Quick hack to enable file uploads on Play 2.0 (until the official support is in)"
""
"Iowa GOP 2012 caucus results mapping"
""
"stupid simple library for running queries against the Splunk API."
""
"[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring"
"Flask using Github's gist as blog data store"
"Playing with Haskell"
""
""
"mumotion test"
""
"This rubygem is an interface for Active Networks public services."
"an small particle system realized in javascript, with an small demo "
"Astrum Custom Kernel for Samsung Galaxy 3"
"BBCode parser for Kohana 3.x"
"a plugin to add a reddit-style system of link sharing, commenting, and rating to WordPress"
""
""
"python module starter"
"The Digital Magazine of Global Culture"
"Bootstrap for WordPress Plugins"
"A Django CMS Plugin for Google Doc Forms"
"Tumblr API v2 implementation using Javascript and jQuery, with advanced search capabilities"
"Flier, OpenGL ES 2.0, Live Wallpaper."
"js"
""
"Hack to run blocking calls whilst maintaining gevent-based synchronization."
"Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)"
"binary kernels and modules for toshiba ac100"
"Creates dummy posts, tags, and categories for testing"
"TDD com Cake"
"Registration of point cloud data captured with a Kinect using PCL."
"WordPress Blank Theme"
"HBase-Writer is an extension to the Heritrix open source crawler written by the Internet Archive (http://crawler.archive.org/) that enables it to store crawled content directly into HBase tables."
"Human Resources Management System"
"FeaCore kernel for samsung I9001 (Galaxy s plus)"
"A simple Spotify app for 12devs"
"Videos engine for RefineryCMS"
"share files with your grandma"
"Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap"
"Open project collaboration with a GTD attitude."
""
"Distributed Asynchronous Reactive Components (aka. roscpp implementation using boost.asio)"
""
"""QuickRestClient"" is Simple RESTful client API for Java."
"My dotfiles"
"A wrapper around Microsoft Chart Control for Windows Forms, with an easy to use API"
"competition"
"php apps made easy"
"Neo4J Spatial hacking for analyzing Garmin running data using Gephi"
"a simple jquery tooltip plugin"
"this is a CLI script displays bullion prices."
"Android OBD Reader using bluetooth"
"HTML forms interface to PostgreSQL database running PostGIS and PhyloDB"
"hartree-fock code"
"Folio is an ePub editor written in MacRuby."
"A web-service framework for creating a central source for all the data that is squirreled away within your organization."
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"A JMX Manager to monitor Sensei / Kafka / Zookeeper"
"simple notepad for python using pyqt - for educational purposes only :)"
"A web based 3d plotter, using canvas and JS "
"Shuffle and Invert methods for NSMutableArray."
"Extensible PHP framework using packages, internal events, resources and much more."
"A native extension for Ruby to handle standard deviation for Arrays"
"Password generation and management tool"
"a python API interface for 500px"
"Box2D for perl"
"Particle Designer for OpenFrameworks"
""
"GeoTrellis is a geographic data processing engine for high performance applications."
"Pure Java implementation of ONCRPC/SUNRPC"
"Good example of successful text editing"
"#WordPressPlugin: Lets you make a WordPress page (or other content type) link to an external URL of your choosing, instead of its WordPress URL."
"KTManta"
""
"My Jekyll Site"
"A gem for working with color palettes"
"RETIRED - Simple cloud server control - Java version"
"Testing / demoing various github workflows"
""
"Linux Diagnostic Center"
""
"New-Style 6.006 Problem Sets"
"Add role to mongoid model with ease."
"test"
"Aptana Studio 3 Bundle for Redaxo"
"Email engine for CakeLog, CakePHP 2.x"
"a darkf implementation of blockeduser's terrible vm"
"Automatic DB schema creator/upgrader"
""
"A tile-based ""slippy map"" library written in/for C++/Qt. It's meant to enable C++/Qt developers to easily add nice, interactive maps to their applications. Supports zooming, rotating, interactive custom map objects, transparency, etc. It is a Qt map widge"
""
"Analytics Aggregation Engine using Redis and Flask"
"a basically psychic iTunes controller, kind of"
""
"a lightweight package for ini style configuration/settings text files."
"Testing"
"A product by Smartgiraffes"
"CBI Maven Plugins"
"This is for a bubble game"
"test project"
"Sample One"
"Pull Cross Linking for an object."
""
""
"Audio visual tool - openFrameworks"
""
"A simple perl module for PoundPay. This is an obsolete implementation."
"A plugin for Audacious to play GSF files. Based on Highly Advanced."
"Collection of python scripts to update confluence via the CLI."
"A database unload/reload tool with smarts"
"Python framework for building and running tests on firefox changesets"
"Ruby Object Notation"
"Cornice meat SQLAlchemy"
"FreeMind Import for astah Plugin"
"Genealogical Research Support Tool"
"Feeds converted to messages in Pidgin using DBus"
"Count stuff"
"More Muc Than You Can Handle"
""
"A face recognition package for ROS"
"Project Pages"
"Service Administration (XEP-0133) library for node-xmpp"
""
"environment builder scripts"
"A simple wrapper to provide Apache Jena as a gem to JRuby programs"
"Sample repo for testing our options"
"code commenting with text backend"
"my test repo"
""
"Testing Git commands"
"experimenting"
"Notes from everyday work"
"Arbor Web Solutions on NestaCMS"
"Georgian TV and Radio streams on your Android"
"This program ""appelizes"" your music collection into a separate directory, by recoding FLAC and OGG and hardlinking all the others."
""
"Basic configuration management in Python"
"Hudson Plugin that reads jumble report and generates a report per build and a trending graph"
""
""
""
"Google Closure Compiler, LessCSS und EmbedCSS Mojos"
"Bindr is a declarative functional reactive binding language"
"This module has been migrated to ZfcBase under the ZF-Commons organization. Please update your submodule references and bookmarks."
"CRM-System"
"this app is for the person who can't manage ones money."
"Implementation of Business::OnlinePayment for Poundpay. This is an obsolete implementation."
"Fast and easy task runner for Rails. Got work?"
"A blog dedicated to teaching designers how to write quality JavaScript based on jQuery examples."
""
"With this Dokuwiki plugin you can index and search your pages with an external Solr server"
"syslog-notify provides real-time popup notification of system log messages via the freedesktop notification standard"
"A JDownloader bundle for Linux"
"DKIM With Alternative Views for .NET"
"QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue"
"smart-home app  compile with phonegapp"
"Basic tab delimited import function for Wakanda"
"Twitter for traffic"
"NetCDF Clojure Library"
"Cuyahoga County customer feedback mobile site in Drupal"
"Control and view your browser from... another browser."
"Style guidelines and configurations for Mozilla projects"
""
"An example of how to integrate a blog with a Rails 3 site using the native RSS module. "
"Keyboard simulator"
""
"A module to install Gosa, an LDAP management tool"
"A simple little plugin to add the 'view' data binding to knockout"
"stab at a js countdown 'meter'"
"a mini blog system run on GAE"
"Smallish programs written to learn something."
"Search and Notifications for clinical trials"
"Chef recipes with rbenv and Passenger Nginx"
"Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran."
"A Polyglot Persistence Engine"
"mirror github / launchpad projects"
"Migrate your processes in the cloud!"
"Gilt/AOL Hackathon Scala Bootstrap"
""
"just another geodjango project"
"Retro Raycaster in Haskell"
"this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!"
"Building and packaging of buddycloud bits"
"Asus Transformer Prime root, released on 01/03/2011"
"This repository contains various scripts related to Infoblox products (mainly NIOS and NetMRI)."
"C++ AmazonMWS REST Client"
"MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid"
"(Deprecated) ElggCollection API"
"A JVM based Memcached Server"
"A replacement for Nuke's ""tab"" node creator"
"A small Wordpress Gallery"
"Simple distributed fault-tolerant file system"
"Hidden Secure Settings for Android"
"Opens youtube URLs in ProTube app instead of YouTube app."
"Suite of tools for high speed programming in Python"
"These are some of the set up scripts for my OpenERP cloud"
""
"A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries."
"a remote democracy system originally intended to enable remote participation for Occupy General Assemblies"
"Move blog from CSDN to WordPress "
"Various facts to use within Facter and Puppet"
"SCR code for JWM paper "
"ObjC and Nu runtime browser. And then some."
""
"A modal hover view with several types that show the user that an activity is ongoing."
"Orchestrate the requirements for Liferay as an OSGi Web Container"
""
"Use Perl from Varnish VCLs"
"SwingLabs' pdf-renderer, pure Java PDF renderer. See also: www.javaworld.com/javaworld/jw-06-2008/jw-06-opensourcejava-pdf-renderer.html"
"vmstat-alike with IO load and dirty page backlog"
"Google Weather Widget for PyroCMS"
"A javascript library to parse (and render) org-mode files"
"An Email-Reader in Processing"
"cho45 style blosxom thing for psgi. see http://coderepos.org/share/wiki/BlosxomClones"
"Boom is an application which is intended to crash, like the Bomb.app application of the first Mac OS X betas. "
"An implementation of a Stock Market in Minecraft. This is the standalone server."
"Account Control Panel (fork)"
""
"@louiseuuuwaaaan: a twitter bot that posts ugly messages using markov-chain methods"
"A dead-simple CSS framework"
"Time-based statistics for Git/Hg repos"
"microDuke is a simple, standalone, multi-threaded, small web server written in Java."
"A Relational Database Management System"
"A Scala tutorial for absolute beginners"
"Send images from flickr accounts to a Kodak Pulse digital picture frame"
"Grails Plugin that provides all post codes of Switzerland"
"download, parse & store data from LR PacX ocean crossing"
"Bigfoot is a mysterious two-legged web framework begot by giants."
"A site to poll a MadridJS Logo Group "
""
"Dump and parse embedded certificates from Windows binaries"
"Dependency aware ruby tests"
"A simple amqp client command line for publish and subscribe messages"
"Use an Arduino with with USB HID support to control a project in Git"
"Template for Lepton with look&feel of Kde4"
"Readable milliseconds for you and other humans. Node.js"
""
"An implementation of Reiner Knizia's Lost Cities using node.js and socket.io."
"RESTful Data Service for Mongo"
"Minecraft Team plugin"
""
"A specification for code documenting tools"
"Erlang flavored by Some ML"
""
"in CoffeeScript with Backbone.js"
"A debian package that can startup and shutdown Play applications from initd."
"pic2osc is the communication auxiliary software for PICnome64/128, PICratchBOX_OSC and DORAnome2."
"Core fordrop, including XMPP federation"
"Examples to learn how to extend WebInspector"
"Configuration for loading Gitocello into Squeak or Pharo"
""
"Shared ispell dictionary (stored in shared segment, used by multiple connections)"
"Liar's Dice IRC Bot in Node.js"
"r/learnprogramming minesweeper project"
""
""
"CL-based editing interface to MusicBrainz"
"Database School Project"
"statistics system with realtime and trend view. "
""
"A Node server environment for creating & managing data-driven sites using versatile data aggregation."
"test"
"Node.js app for AtlantaNodejs.org"
"my dotfiles, tons of customizations that maximizes *nix lazing around"
"LayerManager for OpenCPN"
"Design Patterns in Ruby resources and discussion questions"
"Exchange books"
"Some websites disallow pasting into password fields. This Safari extension fixes that misfeature."
"Client for the InstantAmbient project"
"create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog"
""
"Thunder is an object-relational mapper (ORM) for Python"
"3d Printer made in ITALY!!"
"Scalaz Promise-based library for working with Apache Zookeeper"
"A fork (from sourceforge svn) of Batuhan Bozkurt's patching interface for SuperCollider"
"Git settings - dotfiles"
"a podcatcher in python"
"A Spotify app that plays a random track when you press a button"
""
"Small TCP benchmarking tool in Go-lang"
"D binding for Redis client `hiredis`"
""
"Quickly discover which versions of rails all your apps are running"
"surrender to the hypno cube!"
"a spinning cube webapp"
"Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial"
"simple bugtracker on rails"
""
"Prototype object system for Common Lisp and more. KR: Constraint-Based Knowledge Representation"
""
"Cold State Web Page"
"circulation of issue return in justbooks"
"Minetest Patchsets and Mods"
"Whirr ElasticInbox Service Plugin"
""
""
"Daemon that manages power for thinkpad laptops"
""
""
"Projet STDL n7 2011"
""
"A faster and more .Net centric couchbase client"
"Simple slideshow view in Cocoa Touch"
""
"Simple Asset Management for Redmine / ChiliProject"
"A web-based program to create and edit family trees"
"Android native build using Moai Lua game sdk"
"Study notes of books/papers/articles"
"Port of LibXenon installation to the FreeBSD operating system ports tree."
"Serves CSS, javascript and images using rack-combobot to combine Javascript. "
"Writing style tools"
"Track DOM changes made by jQuery"
"ruby library for reading nt registry hives offline"
"My Web Dev Blog"
"This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory."
"lit python implementation"
"See with the eyes of the Kwisatz Haderach."
"The Science of Restoring What is Missing and Equating Likes"
"A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder."
"SSD Unit."
"Prototype App"
"Conway life"
"Browse multi-facet data"
"Power Plant Game"
""
"web app framework"
""
""
"JavaScript library that provides type checking based on the structural compatibility of function arguments and return values."
"Maciej Groth zao."
"Prosjektside for gruppe 20 hovedprosjekt 2012"
"python library for connecting to remotecv servers"
""
""
"Tesselate is a jQuery plugin to create grid-based (Nivo Slider-like) image transition effects"
"Implementation of  Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania State University's ColorBrewer color schemes as found here: http://www.personal.psu.edu/cab38/ColorBrewer/ColorBrewer_RGB.html in Sass"
"A CronExpression parser for Apex"
"A plone policy for novac"
"A Spotify app that tests album cover knowledge"
"Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming"
"Freifunk KBU information page"
"Example code for the General Architecture for Text Engineering (GATE)"
"Realtime stats in your shop"
"upl pipe"
""
""
"Personal development tree for gnome-settings-daemon"
""
"Inventory Management and Point of Sale System for IEEE"
""
"Awesome Project Mentoring Group FM"
""
"FreeSWITCH Dynamic config files served by Innate + CouchDB"
"Pure XQuery parser for complex full-text search syntax, suitable for use with MarkLogic Server"
"A generic template for starting a new perl script..."
"Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python"
"Easy to use HTTP requests for iOS - subclass and implement up to 4 methods."
"Ananse names a net spider environment"
"This is the the code and class notes to my Python and R course taught in the Winter Session of 2012.."
"A tiny java implemented http webserver designed to run on handheld devices"
"A fast node crawler"
"Yet another cangjie input method for osx"
"A Groovy Adapter for JMX"
"Shortens URLs in GMail composition area"
"Plugin that changes the color of the statusline according with the current mode"
""
"A Template Upload Center for Plone sites"
"Quick start for Zend apps on Openshift Express"
"Scientifically-oriented DAW (digital audio workstation)"
"PHP wrapper class for simple interaction with SQL-based relation databases (MySQL,SQLite3,PostgreSQL)"
"Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg"
"Site dos Projetos do Sistema Aula no Git Hub"
"An reimplementation of the Snow Programming Language based on LLVM."
"A new widget to be used with plone.app.relationfield"
"Tracker frontend"
"Presentation on Rails 3 introduction"
"Scalatra extensions"
""
"(experimental) various scripts for Rust programming"
""
"Automated tag file generation and syntax highlighting of tags in Vim"
"Advanced Internet Systems"
"Free database grabber and updater for Cuevana"
"Yesod Web Framework book"
"a boilerplate + backbone mashup with docs for times you're offline"
"Shortcode Plugin to display a Podcast Archive by category"
"Algorithms & Complexity course of NTUA"
"Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP."
""
"First application with decac langague"
""
"Topgun, developed three years ago as a spare time project, is an android based jet game. You control the plane to dodge the bullets and try to survive as long as possible. I created the game four years ago started without any knowledge in android developm"
"Training"
""
""
""
"Parallel Tracking and Multiple Mapping"
"My own big js & php adventure!"
"The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes"
""
"BAS is an Appointment Scheduler"
""
""
"This is a starting point for creating a serve prototype using the less framework."
"Perl interface to the Simplenote API"
"Emulate the summarizing of a URL the way Facebook does when you paste one in to your status updte."
"Some javascript to help generate your next band/company name"
"JsLint Checker with JsLint4Java for Sublime Text 2"
""
"Shirt is a URL shortener"
"Various compiled PythonDotNet versions"
""
"Map your friends geographically"
"Easier interface to create dashboard widgets in WordPress"
"Converts Visual Studio solutions to Linux gcc makefiles"
"Add process management to `list-processes'"
"A simple Ruby DNS server for EventMachine"
"Pf4wp is a framework to help develop plugins for WordPress."
""
"Page to monitor runs throughout the year and track progress towards a goal of 500 miles total."
"Fast poker hand evaluator written in c++/c"
"League of Legends log parser"
"My ad-hoc ruby, awk and shell scripts "
"Kaltura video plugin for Elgg 1.8"
""
"My .vim"
"A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project."
"SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 1: Single Responsibility Principle Source"
"Simple version control for documents of Adobe InDesign/InCopy"
""
"miltons-machine is an open source library of Ruby code primarily dedicated to the analysis and ""practical"" application of set theory for musical composition - as defined in the various contexts of 12 tone theory and its offshoots (e.g. Forte, Morris, Star"
"Studio"
"Remote control your philips TV using a web application"
""
"Doin"
"my dotfiles"
"My blog articles"
""
"Experiment for using Nancy and WebKit.NET to create a windows desktop application using web technologies."
"2d engine"
"A model attribute enums plugin for Rails3."
"My own linux config"
"An alternative for the C++ Standard library, expanded and cleaned up where necessary"
"tbd"
""
"A text adventure game"
"my dotfiles"
"file-upload using Express, coffeescript."
""
"Using OpenSim and Second Life open source software as crutches while we write sane replacements."
"My .emacs.d/"
""
"My homepage"
"On Ruby"
"source code for shiplington.com"
""
"My college basketball rankings"
"incubator of new projects, some concept proves and tests"
"My documents"
"Site Ninja Pages Module"
"All the standard dotfiles I use"
"GPRS Module Driver-M580 With 80C51."
""
"Projet Java, simulation d'une fourmiliere"
"Hello World test repository"
""
"Simple Markdown editing with CreateJS"
"A game based on the Atari classic Adventure"
"Some programs I wrote to make YAPC run a bit more smoothly."
"Nexus 10 -- v1"
"Man in the middle tool"
"Visual Strategies for RDF"
"scrapy + justext + nltk + mongodb"
":necktie: Synergy Speak Lorem Ipsum module"
"Drupal 7.x Entity example"
"Here are some Unity3DDemos"
"Git plugin for the Code::Blocks IDE"
""
"Ruby Event Store"
"PhoneGap + brunch + InAppBilling"
""
""
"Windows version of libmincrypt library"
""
"Emacs settings for all computers across the board (different laptops and workstatations)"
"My customization of Emacs"
"Wallpaper application"
"Scripts both written by myself and stolen from others. In 'dev' branch, lots of scripts are directly from others without any modification by me. I include them just for my convenience."
"[Magento Extension] Ajax Cart without any php code based on VF_EasyAjax module."
""
""
"Website des Musikverein Biberach e.V."
"[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time."
""
"ps3 game translation team"
"Android application for hard-of-hearing people "
"Info about me and links to my projects"
""
"Finds files that are or might become unreadable in the future"
"Use twitter/bootstrap in as admin theme in Symfony 1.4"
"Map Tile Collection Wrapper programs"
""
"PostgreSQL library for the Lua Event Machine"
"Android skills planning and tracking application"
"Gentoo overlay for different things"
"dot files"
""
"Ray tracer"
"Linux dotfiles. "
"Another template engine for PHP..."
"My user specific settings"
"Work Manager"
"Code generation tool for SQLite in Android"
"Photography website - wp theme"
"Radbox plugin for xbmc"
"This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group."
"Artifacts Repository"
"The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file."
""
"Panflute is a MATE panel applet for controlling music playback and displaying playback information. converted to mate"
"AdWords API RapidAccountCreation"
"A collection of handy C# Extension Methods."
"Personal Homepage"
""
""
"Ethernet client with Dhcp and DNS support"
""
"My CV"
"Solution to programming questions (Project Euler, UVa, etc)"
""
"An easier to maintain clash compiler"
"checkout variouslibs, frameworks"
"Accademia Musicale-Culturale ""HARMONIA"" website"
""
""
""
"Http/Https benchmark tool"
"just grab it from corporates..."
"Informations about the use are in the wiki"
"My emacs configuration"
""
"DSL for TwiML"
"your friendly neighborhood conversational jabber bot"
"My own thoughts"
"Reusable code"
""
""
""
""
"Crossword generator and solver."
"Blog"
"websocket wrapper library"
"Read user reviews of linux packages."
"Utility (inteded to run in the background, as a Cron Job) that checks for chanegs on your BROU (http://brou.com.uy) account. If it find changes, it sends a notification email to your account in Gmail."
""
"Implementation of the stratego game using websockets and NoSQL database"
""
"NoAgendaDashboard.com site source"
"EyeTracking Algorithm that maps the eye movement onto the screen"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"Sign Teleportation!"
"IRC client for Windows"
""
""
"An experimental distributed key-value store"
"VKOAuth"
"Repository to store emacs config files"
""
""
"dotfiles"
"Networking for Web Devs"
"Namloos  Project"
"ai intro assgn 1"
""
"Implementation of geocoder using SphinxSearch"
""
"my personal blog"
"Cassandra's twin brother. yaCf: yet another Cassandra framework."
"CodeKata - working my way up to black belt on coding and programming"
"Personal dwm"
""
"Simple scripts for automating tasks in online games."
"Match plugin for jQuery."
"Social recommendation network"
"An implementation of the FISH file sharing protocol"
""
"sim-test"
"A multi user realtime canvas application using Node.js and websockets using Socket.IO"
"Catone"
"sample task"
"Code for my BeagleBoard based robot"
"Schedule home automation controller events"
"Used to create wrappers and proxy libraries for Windows binaries."
""
"rails template using bootstrap from twitter"
""
"Rump client for iOS devices"
""
"A try at asynchronous file I/O in twisted. Maybe it will work."
"dp-python"
"GIF parser & dumper"
""
"The goal is to provide a callerid lookup for non distribution installation of asterisk."
"Macruby Temperature Converter, using cocoa binding (IB-binding and Programmaticaly binding)"
""
"Transmitter to send MPF packets to Bloomberg"
"My Blog"
"(experimental) a Rust implementation of the Murmur hash algorithm"
""
""
"tanarky services"
"Ein Wirtschaftssimulator"
""
"personal place"
"Single bash script solution for managing debian-style repositories."
"99703031 99703036 99703050"
"a viewstack for wicket"
"99703028 99703023 99703025"
"Singapore SVY21 geo-format used in onemap api"
"Caralis will not be further developed since finally there's a Apache License compatible clean Torrent implementation - ttorrent."
"A Rails adapter for test-unit"
"Simple priority queue in Go"
"Beralix is a Linux distribution."
"Send notifications from irssi events to your Android phone"
""
"One finger touch in the browser with Javascript - get direction, distance and speed of a swipe from both mouse and touch events."
"BeanSpy is an open source Java servlet technology provided by Microsoft to retrieve JMX information from Java EE application servers"
"[WARNING: under construction! Feel free to join.] SAC implementation written in C"
""
"YAML tags for audio files"
"99703009 99703017 99703035"
"99703039 99703041"
"99703024 99703033"
"98207405, 98703063, 98703057"
"A c++ remake of loderunner"
"Fuzzy Clustering Algorithms for Image Segmentation"
"Vim configuration"
""
"Multi-Touch Table Top Game Play"
"Ruby library for parsing files exported from Quickroute"
"Combines and minifies your CSS, LESS and JavaScript into one JavaScript file"
"96208013, 96208034, 97208022"
"98703056 98703059 99703102"
""
"Simple wave-table based synthesis"
""
"Testing Validity of a cross"
""
"Create a calendar of wake-sleep sessions based on power management logs."
"Shoes audio player"
"jd blog under Jekyll"
"overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way."
"Project 16"
"Django comments app"
""
"romachen.github.com"
""
""
""
"jQuery plugin to render an date-sorted html index with stats for any combination of repos for given Github users or individual repos. Useful for portfolios."
"99703045 99703034"
"This is the WebGL Testproject from the IPGC-Leipzig e.V."
""
"My simple attempt at the Instagram unshredder challenge"
"An emacs minor mode for developing in Ruby on Rails"
""
"A tiny Web server. "
"Monitr.io - JavascriptClientLibrary"
""
"Sample project of saga in masstransit using rabbitmq"
"A small, simple Windows Twitter client built using WPF"
"first_app"
"Party component"
"Powershell tool to watch directory changes and autocommit them to local git repository."
"Code for ""What Would You Do?"" talk"
"data mining with python"
"Some useful tutorial about new technologies"
"Stream-style Twitter/Facebook/Identi.ca aggregation, posting, and other interaction"
"CoPad Browser"
""
"My PowerShell environment"
"to study git  command "
""
""
"My contributions to the XWiki project"
""
"Festival Extension for php"
"Infrastructure management"
"ICS final project"
"kleines Projekt allerlei Uhren zu Programmieren (um GUI und OO zu lernen)"
"A few ruby exercises asked by a potential employer"
"centraldecomando"
"Create Github repositories from the command line."
""
"Scala SBT plugin: dust, less and coffeescript compiler"
"various configuration files that are used day-to-day bettering the throughput"
""
"My google codejam solutions."
"New theme for Venture Cafe"
"open-source app for managing generalised ""like"" lists"
""
"The code for my blog"
""
"My first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
""
"A PHP Framework That Makes Beginner Happy"
"A game similar to tic-tac-toe."
"Ruby on Rails demo application"
"Simple backup utility"
"Implementation of a cxf proxy web service with service authentication using the Mule Spring Security Manager"
"Rails Excel strategy to write xlsx files through writeexcel gem"
""
"tq2440radio"
"Project for AI classes - multiplayer bots deathmatch"
"Replaces a select element with a div that includes a list of links built from the select object options"
""
"personalize and mobilize healthcare service"
""
"ad4Max SDK for iOS - Mobile Ads framework"
"CDS Target"
"Simple Script for grabbing Les Lindarets webcam history pics"
""
"These are some of the scripting experiments"
"My Master's Thesis, in LaTeX format"
""
"Test project using Orient DB"
"Library for safely execution and resource limiting"
""
""
"web application to representate fabrics "
""
"Version 2.0 of Triplander (MongoDB + CherryPy, hopefully faster)"
"Add a play video png to any image"
"My first ruby on rails app!"
"figure out acronym later"
"Kohana Wrapper for the Bitly API"
"Yet Another Event Broker for C# (and Castle Windsor)"
"python xmpp test client"
"ecommerce website"
"a tiny and flexible PHP Framework"
""
"GUC Project"
"Instant Satisfaction (by) Obscure Unstable Protocol (InstantSOUP) "
"A static asset manager for django, built on the assumption that statics are served using application code"
"Partially Observable Game Domain Description Language"
""
"A system to publish podcasts for large communities like subreddits."
"Monitr.io - PHPClientLibrary"
"A very simple CMS for django with a different take on WYSIWYG editing. See the README for more details."
"Chicken Scheme bindings for the SFML library."
"Makes slugs."
"Simple implementation of the memory filesystem for the Java 7 NIO Filesystem API"
"drupal developer functions that i'd like to add or override"
""
"loosely based on fowlers Organization Structures"
"A Neural Network Simulator"
"Simple Web-App to determine the best games to play at a LAN Party."
"minimalist theme for Q2A"
"Easy online photo backup and albums."
""
"Projekt nr 1 na przedmiot sieci neuronowe"
"Jonathan Rascher's resume"
"Freshbooks plugin for Lithium"
"rn-poc"
"Source for my blog.  Blog hosted on GitHub Pages at msgehard.github.com"
"A simple directory which contains all of my own snippets"
""
"where-is-felipe 2"
"JOverflow is a remake of a very old AMIGA game called Overflow."
"Intro to jQuery presentation"
"puppet test"
""
""
""
"Haml to erb conversion tool"
"Python Virtual Private Server admin"
"A reflexive sat & tauto solver in Coq."
""
"tv guide with fast loading times"
"An old-school sample HTML text generator"
"just a test - never mind"
"Projet TOO version graphique"
"Attempt to rewrite the Arbore project using Vala"
""
""
"datatypes for xlib programming in chicken scheme"
""
""
"bloops' archive of solutions to algorithm problems from programming competitions and online judges."
"An experiment w/ PEG.js: a simple language 2 express a strategy 2 shorten a tweet to 140 chars"
"Micro animation framework using requestAnimationFrame with setTimeout fallback."
""
"Holidays Reminder"
""
""
""
"Rails plugin with DSL for performance testing."
"PHPUnit-like framework for producing and testing code ""kata""."
"The karmapoints scanner app in cross-platform Titanium (hopefully)"
"Test project"
""
"C++ implementation of the card game shithead"
"Let's make Monitoring Simple [ Inspired by Toa of Unix ] "
"A demo iPad app to showcase retail-specific features."
"Faster testing rake task"
"Check for leaky attributes in Moose"
""
"Proof of concept - define Minecraft-like block geometry through mathematical functions in XNA using IronPython"
""
"FreeBSD volume manager"
"BD_BOX is an open source, scalable Brownian dynamics package for UNIX/LINUX platforms. BD_BOX uses flexible bead models to represent macromolecules"
"Personal web site"
""
""
"Github page"
"Princess Anne Automotive Center's website"
"My *nix Dot Files"
"Dynamic chart of US income distribution"
"the first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"PowerShell Ebiz IIS Site deployment Scripts"
"code snippets"
"Bookmarklet for faster login to VisitorNet. Hosted here and at http://mmind.me/vnetp"
"WebSite Lineage"
"tnac viewer proto"
"Your task in this brain teaser is to traverse various electrical circuits and determine whether the light bulb at the end of a tangled mess of wires will be on or off."
"Java class library that allow you to encrypt / decrypt a string or a file with many algorithms."
""
""
"Specialized Job site for medical people"
"Matches translatable messages to text extracted from program screenshots"
""
"Personal Website"
"small code snippets"
""
"An old C++-based syntax highlighter I wrote"
"A Google Plus extension for docking YouTube videos."
"A collection of free software and free culture badges"
"(perl) - Make your module be a dummy - optionally"
"Accessing Exchange Web Services from Clojure"
"A simple blog using Octopress"
"Node.js Experiments - Multiplayer environment "
""
"Small projects in programming"
"Extra functionality for Blogger website"
"A test perl code base for evaluating git"
"Javascript Library for ShowClix Search API"
"Clojure URL web crawler."
"Shoutbox Support"
""
""
"HTML Word Counter for Coda"
"Common components for Symfony 1.4"
""
"a web app 4 make appointments and share your hair style!"
"ICFP2011 Lambda the Gathering"
"An application that helps you to choice the best move in the game of scrabble"
"The rails app programmed from the book"
"Haskell client support for SMTP"
"Exploring node.js with the goal of creating a simple chat server"
"Alternate version of WageTracker using SQLite instead of XML"
"Website for techylinguist.com"
"A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look"
"Like Buzzwords, without the buzzwords"
"A tool to handle traification of BG2 mods"
"Easily build robust web applications"
"python library to manage small sets of vm"
"Java: Minecraft - Make minecarts kill touching mobs and damage touching players."
"Research based permission manager for Bukkit"
"Simple script that allows you to put a limit on the number of words in a textarea field"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application"
""
""
""
"Stream of consciousness web app decouples act of writing from content by denying you the opportunity to fix typos, see most of what you've written, or view any posts less than 1 hour old"
"a traffic control game by @ryansumo and @helloluis"
"A blog application for django projects"
""
""
"MineCraft Guild Management System"
"Git managed home directory and file teleportation. ""There's no place like /home."""
"Prototype for a simple strategy game in Javascript"
"An image gallery app for django projects."
"Encargo de RBZ"
""
""
""
"The pit system used by Team 4977 for scouting/LordScout server"
""
"A Ruby On Rails Based Kanban."
"Little Library for the Rackspace Cloud Servers API"
""
"Notes management program written in python pygtk2"
"NYTimes Objective-C Client Library"
""
"PHP WebSite for managing the arrival time hystory of a race"
""
"A supybot module that interfaces with Last.FM."
"Pong for 2 Players displayed on a LoL Shield for the Arduino microcontroller"
"Remote backup tool written in Python 3"
""
"jQuery image gallery-like plugin to cycle through a set of images."
"A Sample application using the new Android Beam feature in Android 4.0+ that relays a message to another device"
"Ruby gem that scrapes gulesider.no. Can be used to lookup phone numbers"
"A Windows Forms application for playing Battleships against a computer opponent."
"Canvas TD"
""
"Very easy to use xml writer"
"iidenki for android"
"Welcome $HOME!"
"A gem parsing Cracow MPK timetables."
"Invoicing system"
""
"A web patchwork"
"My tumblr theme."
"Android build tools (ant tasks)"
"Silly app for getting info about your age"
"Secret Santa code."
""
"Stuff I'm throwing together to make it easier to control ecobee thermostats"
"An implementation of the Ticket To Ride board game"
""
"a wrapper gem for google closure library"
"Zipwhip Presence API"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application"
"Sample numerical modules for the Mechanic"
"My personal website"
"My emacs directory"
"First Test"
""
"A ""spots"" framework for Django. Allows the creation and maintenance of geo ""spots"" (lat/lng) with a neighborhood, city, state/province, and country. Warning: older code that is not actively used or maintained. "
"Impulse is a small, dynamic object-oriented language that aims to have simple syntax and semantics. It also aims to be lightweight, reflective and open, and easily embeddable."
""
"alternative symfony 1.4 admin generator"
"A small app for scraping Wikipedia to find elderly Michigan alums"
"The one and only web-to-booklet Firefox add-on!"
"The software centre of the Linvo project"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent."
""
"A calculator for Final Fantasy XIII Upgrades"
"Todo.txt manager in Node.js"
"Library to compute probabilities and expected values in blackjack based on exact probabilistic analysis."
"Drag and drop fraps video parts, and press start!"
"uno"
"My personal blog"
"A simple timestamp-based RSS reader"
"allow players to toggle PvP for themselves (bukkit)"
"build a timeline based on slience"
""
"smooth and funny"
"A daemon for pianobar (6xq.net/projects/pianobar), the command-line pandora client. Pianoserver allows a pianobar user to run it in the background as a daemon and control it from any terminal on demand."
"A Stripe API Java Binding by Uetin"
"blog platform"
"A online depot for buying and selling products"
"A challenge for myself: terminal battleship (like, battleship in a terminal. Not killing battleship.)"
"iOS project illustrating a weak reference issue with OCMock"
"Wallboard for CS stats"
"mirror of my personal haskell configuration, managed using vcsh and mr"
"Basic extensions to jquery UI"
"Example Rails project for use with the GithubCodeFixer project"
"Dummy Repository for testing Git"
"A Java implementation of the DNS.com API"
"Black Jack like game I made to learn Java"
"A sample webapp and acceptance test project that demonstrates some features of REST-driver."
"Tutorial App from Michael Hartl's book"
""
"Promise-based async tools: multivalent deferrals, pipelines, multiplexes, procedures"
"Safari extension for shortening links with clck.ru"
"git-controlled essays by mattknox"
""
"Sources of my WJUG presentations"
"A django application built to handle and render a calendar with events scheduled for particular days."
"explore linking nodes based on relationships"
"my music studio config files"
"jQuery plugin for dynamically updated timestamps"
"Team Management for Distributed and Offshore Software Development with MongoDB and .NET"
"STDSIM visualisatie"
""
"Scrape and graph the NZ Holiday Road Death numbers w/10y moving average"
"Analysis of famous German writers such as Marx"
"random programs"
""
"Creative Commons Material Collection for Game Developer via Kawaz"
""
"posting"
"Misc Drupal features used by Genero sites"
"A ZK component like JQuery Chosen"
""
""
""
"Data pattern generator for software testing and analysis"
""
"sample"
""
"Event-based neural network simulator for pulse coupled neurons"
"deploy distributed real-time computation system on Hadoop-Yarn"
""
"Accessible IPRC Seizure Notice"
"Small collection of code samples to implement functionality in different languages"
"Terminal chat server (Java)"
""
"fully functional"
"Python producer/consumer with exception handling"
"A Hebrew virtual keyboard which could be embedded into any website using a bookmarklet"
"Code (prototyping) for a research project concerning the information capacity of the human motor system at HIIT."
"Html Guide for the ""Chaos macht Schule""-Project in DD, Germany"
"headers, makefiles and libs"
"A collection of weird iOS bugs"
""
"A procedural city builder"
"Visual representation of wikipedia"
""
"cognito-liferay-portlets"
"Test Driven JavaScript"
"A openstreetmaps integrated application built on CakePHP framework"
"FastPdfKit extension to add any content and interactivity over the page."
"Automatically select audio and subtitle tracks, output format, and cropping for easy use of HandbrakeCLI"
"SQL script to insert UK county names into simple table"
"vim setting & plugins"
"A  webfrontend (mysql/php) to analyze and search in a bunch of information that mediainfo_CLI get out of mediafiles"
"This one died, go away."
"STARS content scrapers"
"Maarten en Andra"
"Light colorscheme for GUI Vim"
"My Site"
"temp"
"My experimental fork of GPSEE"
"A collection of bash scripts that ease the use of screen sharing through SSH"
"ee-INS Windows installer project"
"University Work"
"Just a personnal pages space"
"Converts Journal module to online assignment for users who still have them in Moodle 2.0"
"Put the Wordpress Admin bar to the bottom"
"Rstext.me project"
""
"hashmap in c"
"Digitize the criminal information from photo"
""
""
"This is a patch fixed the #hashDos# bug."
"The first app for RoR Tutorial"
""
""
"practice"
""
"concrete5 in Common Lisp"
"By Anatoliy, Nikita, Aleksandr"
""
"Node Virtual Environments"
"Small web experiments. Testing various APIs and JS libraries."
"A Markov Decision Process (MDP) model for activity-based travel demand model"
""
"Microsoft minesweeper automation"
"websocket sample"
"DB olap master IIm11"
""
"Foreign and Commonwealth Office Travel Advice"
"The page of geekrider.com"
"Simple battle algorithm based on names"
"Web Application to test OpenGate Messaging features"
""
"Gnome 2 themes"
"samimakela.fi"
""
"Emacs epackage extension's Yellow Pages (packages' sources list)"
"super-mini-framework for web development in PHP"
"Statically typed scripting language"
"Astronomical Data Service"
"A HTML5 Interface to Readitlater"
""
"Refactor of IBM's (tm) hadoop filesystem to work with fuse4j"
"Rails app for subtitle hosting"
"A mutliplayer version of ""tile rummy"", more commonly known as Rummykub for android"
"First app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"search through Fasta and Fastq files as fast as grep (because it is)"
""
"Wallboard Monitor for Multiple CI Build Server implementations"
"Simple code style checker"
""
"Small helper script for importing MySQL databases."
""
""
"BBEdit package for the monkey programming language"
"Skyblock Challenge Manager"
"Collected public data and tools concerning a formal experiment conducted with tagstore "
"ITA word numbers problem solution"
"Some resources for teaching javascript to my kids -- maybe works for others?"
"Kottapalli Book Store"
""
""
""
"Some of my solutions to the exercises in http://pragprog.com/book/btlang/seven-languages-in-seven-weeks"
""
"Sample project developed in cakephp"
""
""
"Some LESS CSS snippets, mixin's etc. used by me / Valued Standards"
"university project"
""
""
""
""
"test"
"my bbs "
""
""
"A mobile first, fluid grid framework"
"GUI engine"
"binder of songs and chords. uses Slim, php, mongodb"
"A PhoneGap demo app for conference"
"stupid football manager in ruby"
""
"Telestrekoza post parsing plugin"
"collection of programming puzzle I solved/tried to solved."
"version 2 of the flux qc app"
"Assignments"
"web-based platform to mathematics education"
"waysfor"
"Twitter authorization example in Yii framework"
"Ruby approaches to Project Euler"
"Very very small website, chooses random urls in an iframe"
""
"System for TVT-passi -project in Uni. Helsinki"
""
""
""
"Statistics for Redirects"
"Miscellanious implementations of A/B tests"
"This module aims to provide protection from aggressive clients by blocking or reporting them with a script."
""
""
"Retrieve BBC news stories from a specific day."
"Simple ssh/sftp remote server manager"
"Facebook without the cruft"
"Implement Object.setPrototypeOf function."
"Shell script that automate the installation of java tools"
"Demo data for CellCognition"
"Production scheduling software."
"Use ticket:2134 to link to https://develop.studip.de/trac"
"A cross-platform python library to retrieve the current user's special folders (like Images, Documents, Videos etc.)."
"oh-my-zsh customziation"
"bbsnode is a simple BBS like 2ch based on node.js,Express,Redis"
"Work through a book to learn basics of Ruby."
""
"Test git"
"Bash Snippets"
"That project will follow an RoR tutorial that I find during my researches. This project will be usefull to learn more about this amazing Meta-Framework."
"For finding ""points of interest"" i.e. waist, hips, top of head, bottom of feet, etc. where measurements can be taken"
"UNIX user profile"
""
"Some HTML snippets, boilerplate etc. used by me / Valued Standards"
""
"simple Java library for converting POJOs to JSON and back again"
"This is a simple picture thumbnailer that creates an easy to use website in seconds."
"Tuto ruby"
""
"Lightproof grammar checker"
"Twitter sentiment analysis toolkit"
"Only display PyPI packages from sources you approve of!"
"gentoo portage overlay"
"Markdown editor with live preview (web app experiment)"
""
""
"Gecco 2007 contest"
"Analyzer software for Brainwave captures"
"a collection of useful ressources to start a new website from"
"a tiny jquery plugin for creating noise on specific elements"
"Simple class for time operations"
"cfi"
"An example of an offline HTML application"
"A WordPress plugin that allows for creation of custom post types through the admin interface."
"Useless Linux Kernel Module to control your mouse through a char device"
""
"Groovy OpenGL Maze"
"Replaces google search results forwarder links with original links"
"Remote Web Console"
"My Presentations"
"Ruby Messaging Bot Framework"
"Customizations to JOSM for the OAM project"
"My home on the web"
""
"c++ port of truetype-tracer (font to G-code/DXF converter)"
"This is a brand new app!"
"Translation Error Rate (TER)"
"Connect to the Jira API via Zend Framework OAuth"
""
""
"Summaries & tests management system"
"This is a demo for nodejs's mongoose"
""
"Demo blog de Ruby on rails"
"Learn to program with Rails"
"A super simple web app that removes non-ASCII chars from pasted text. Written in Clojure/Noir."
"PHP library for the Karotz REST API"
"An autoscroll plugin designed with the will_paginate plugin in mind."
"Testowa aplikacja dla Ruby on Rails"
""
"Extendable app that assigns an facebook app/tab to a certain url"
"Knall Fix Hermes"
""
"Access Article -- ""The Cloud"""
"Plans for the ""Rugged Outdoor Time Lapse"" project in the September 2011 issue of Popular Science"
"R.css scheme collection for better R help pages"
""
"scans certain database fileds and perform regex search and replace"
"Pluggable, open source Django apps (configured for GAE deployment)"
"Tool to deploy sites and apps using git at Dahnielson.com"
"Various config files I use"
"component tester"
""
""
""
"Recipe Project"
"Experiments with compilers written in Python "
"MVC Web Application Framework for NodeJS written in CoffeeScript"
"Hartl app"
""
"first sample application"
"TStar Runtime"
""
"kodes for vinyl"
"C++ code of tris game for network implemented with SDL"
"test"
"Zenchor is Chrome extension to monitor Zenoss events"
""
"A web browser for reddit"
""
""
""
"rails installer demo"
"transform XML file to jQuery Mobile"
""
"some random code challenges"
"take activeworks registration csv report and convert it to the gdocs spreadsheet abd uses for indoor tt series"
""
""
"nodejs dependency testing"
"Personal Web Site"
"A less overengineered version of GitBchq."
"android app to manage loudness of the ongs on your device"
"Simple plugin handler for Ruby (not Rails)"
"My First ProtoJS test project"
"Repository used to store Python codes."
"Brute force solving of rubix cube problems"
"Embedthis Build Tools"
"to study word of English"
""
"Greasemonkey script & Firefox plug-in inserts carbon footprints into airplane travel sites"
"chef script to deploy IAB to EC2"
"A fork of Test::NoBreakpoints (v0.13)"
"Python implementation of the Lattice Wave Digital Filter"
""
""
""
"An Introduction to Multivariate Calculus with Maxima"
"A little Hangman-Game to learn C++"
"copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen"
"Scheme Testing Suite"
"Ext for PHP"
"A collection of sample projects from Yojimbo Corp blog posts"
"My dotfiles"
"Custom theme for Tumblr"
""
"Anue site"
"HTTP directory listing server"
"OBSOLETE XS-only bundle for Marpa::HTML"
"Re-code the depot sample from the book Agile web development with Rails"
"http://www.icdevgroup.org/docs/install.html for Shiloh GNU/Linux"
""
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app"
"Lego version of the HTML5 Gendered Ad Remixer"
""
"Simple java application for tracking your gym results."
"Lucene utility for cross-language search via Japanese WordNet"
"Filtering algorithms for Markov chain approximations of stochastic differential equations"
"Data (Airports, mainly) for foxtrot_mike"
"use flask on google app engine"
"A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups"
""
"My dotfiles"
""
"A simple java app that gets the most recent exchange rates for TRY from TCMB "
"la source du Modulo 1"
"A simple example demonstrating Cucumber-JVM using Java Step Definitions"
"Liquid theme for Rusic's help buckets"
"Leiningen project to try Clojure code"
"Utility to compare price of books in Indian E-commerce stores"
"A GWT application that allows people to create stock portfolios and tracks them."
"A set of computational physics modules"
"My First Repo"
"GAE based membership administration"
""
"Talk about REST"
"A Wordpress plugin to add location info to posts and aggregate them on a Google Map"
""
"an ERP solution for college"
""
""
""
"Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell"
""
"Exploring different data stores."
"First project"
"How to make release without erts"
"Poached, please"
""
"Add the jquery-fancybox jquery plugin to your rails 3.1 app."
""
"Parse transform to make using exemell very :)"
"Java Trusted Native Client"
""
"Sikuli script to autplay the netflix ""next episode"" button."
"RoR First Application"
"My ArmA missions"
""
"Just a test"
"This is me"
"Citrix internal build manifests"
""
"Setup razor Qt repo for igos nusantara"
""
"My collection of aliases and functions"
"sistema per l'erogazione di questionari scritto in python"
""
""
"DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project"
"radically simple JS for hide ads from vkontakte.ru"
""
"Source code for all of the arrow solution kits."
"RonR Tutorial"
"some env and configuration files"
""
""
"Automatic scaling of dynos in Heroku application"
"Providing Trapster.com service on your Mac as a application."
"Brand new theme for the telestrekoza 2012"
"my phd thesis"
"Bits and peices of useful stuff for CMLComp"
"Todo App"
"The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial"
""
"a simple shooter that was made a while back using Pygame"
"Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application"
""
"GTK+ for VLC npapi plugin on Linux"
"test for hash collision vulnerabilities"
""
"My coin collection by nanoc framework"
"Clone of http://code.google.com/p/pytracker/"
"...than money. Simple money tracking app."
""
"A json to xml converter"
"Testing forking, versioning with CAD files"
""
""
"A simple framework for interactive tutorials."
"edumet"
""
""
""
"QTP Automation Infrastructure"
"my dotfiles"
"Learning modern OpenGL"
"Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files."
"Enhance the boring New Tab Page with widgets!"
"Codecgraph is a tool to generate a graph based on the ALSA description of a High Definition Audio codec."
"Lets find out the fastest way, to generate clicks on webpages ;)"
""
""
"Use Ruby to convert numbers into Polish words"
"Tomcat Datasource Factory"
"simple bbs"
"An example of how you can use domain objects with Vaadin"
"this is the test site for stopcalls"
"Attempts to protect against ARP spoofing in hostile environments"
"CLR sql agent for SQL Server"
"javascript, python and other web-related goodies"
""
"The Minecraft clone."
"my first php project"
"Windows-flavored system for scheduled task execution"
"Terraria Server Wrapper"
""
"various additions to three20"
"Half realized idea, not sure if I'll keep working on it"
""
"Sample Rails Tutorial App"
"The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial "
"This project converts ASCII text to models to be displayed in programs using OpenGL ES running on Android 2.2"
"wizard book solution work"
"The github pages by tuvokki"
"Generate chorales from the bach corale dataset"
"RoR Tutorial Sample App"
"Particle Emitter written in Javascript"
""
""
"REPL for talking to Sockso servers."
""
"Bash provision script for Aegir/Drush"
"Android App for mobilblogg.nu"
"Chicago Bulls News and Score Tracker App"
""
"zsh conf using zsh-git as a submodule, and more conf"
".NET library and jQuery plugin for rendering ASP.NET UserControls via WCF and WebMethods"
"modification on a theme by wp-shower"
""
""
"The ZedAPI Application."
""
"Online Camera Store"
"enGAUGE"
"Perl module for calling postgres parser and getting stuff back"
"An attempt to make the JIRA REST API accessible in PowerShell. Targeting mainly Jira 7.x"
""
"Logbot tails local log files to an IRC channel."
"My generated blog"
"The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Simple proof of concept for keeping session data in EHCache"
"A collection of JavaScript libraries"
"GUI for Physics Control Systems"
""
"This app is only a shortcut to your basecamp classic account. (Google Chrome Extension)"
"Tool for making backups using s3cmd at Dahnielson.com"
"Maven Echo Plugin"
"manage and playback openexr image sequences"
"Jester is a Java micro Unit-Testing framework"
""
"posix_spawn for cygwin"
"Conversione tra basi numeriche differenti"
""
"My zshrc and associated files, to be shared across multiple machines."
""
"Testproj"
"Server side, Spring-based interface for handling data from Spotify scrobbler app"
""
"first RoR app"
""
""
""
""
"A collection of Builder pattern related tools"
"Automatic installer for my Cygwin configuration"
""
""
""
""
"Add Virtual Hosts programmatically"
"Filter roms based on emulator and filename."
""
"Collection of R code and recipes"
"freesound.org api wrapper"
"Samik Graphical Builder"
""
"A small scala library for an ElasticSearch sql-like query language"
"Subtitles for Binbou Shimai Monogatari (""Poor Sisters' Story"")"
"Aplication for iPhone"
"first repository"
"Vim package, including vim config file and plugins"
""
"A broadcast messaging server"
"website of Matt, Lois, and GIR (served by octopress!)"
""
"A simple Backbone.js testing example using Vows and Zombie.js"
"A lightweight library for quick sketching UI like interactions in Processing."
"igrebot bootloader"
""
"vim files"
"Testing"
"Win32 command line natural sorting"
"Tabletop engine in OCaml"
"Just use C.."
"Adds (before|after)_save and (before|after)_destroy callbacks to ActiveResource"
""
"Dump a SoundCloud profile into a database / directory structure"
"a small js-library with shorthands for dom manip and animation"
"Boot Camp HTML5"
"RN-XV and SD shield for Arduino"
"experimental stonith-ng configuration parsers"
"experimenting with ejabberd"
"simple signup app"
"Research project for University"
"my solutions to project euler problems"
"Python code to cluster GPS tracking collar data."
"Project and task management tool"
"Minecraft P"
"lightweight bdd tests for .net written in f# / includes tdd"
""
"a webapp to manage members"
"Space Invaders"
""
"Android experiments in GPS tracking."
"String interpolation for Haskell"
"Wiena Filter for ImageJ"
"Personal"
""
"jQuery Professional Placeholder Plugin"
"A rack app to lazily mirror rubygems infrastructure"
"Demo application"
"personal blog + website written with flask"
""
"hacky Scala/Jena blog engine"
"A script to keep track of files, check integrity and find duplicates"
"First App from railstutorial"
""
""
"Wintersemester 2011"
""
"a web application - digest twitter's tilmeline powerd by golang"
"NODEJS Project Deawith Weibo Content"
"Lots and lots of IRC logs (woods!), plus other features."
""
"c"
"test plan"
"Sub-sequence generation for peptide array design"
""
"tool to generate protocol for different languages"
"An implementation of Distributed Directed Minimum Spanning Tree"
"Simple traffic simulation with cars behaviours. Languages used: Lua and C (graphics library - Allegro5)"
"deploy-coordi (django)"
"Help docs"
""
"Yet Another Blog Engine"
""
""
"My personal textmate bundle with some nice enhancements"
"Local Application Port system"
"A wrapper for working with the Eldis API"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application"
"Implementation of bruce blowfish cipher."
"PHP Code Obfuscater"
"PHP-Game-Components"
"For HCI check"
"Repository for my progress on Learn Ruby Hard Way book excersises"
""
""
""
"Inspired from Pivotal Tracker"
""
""
"A Little Chess Client/Server made with C and rpcbind"
"Second version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*"
"Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*"
""
""
""
"Fifth version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*"
"Sixth version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*"
"Seventh version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*"
"Mere rails tuts"
"language"
"It is a jQuery Plugin"
""
"Base classes for modelling moeny"
"Second version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP"
""
"Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP"
""
"Midi Algorithmic Composition"
"Code used in Lockwood Weinzierl 2011"
"gentoo_config"
"maven repository"
"Android app for tracking clicks over time"
""
"Some irssi scripts"
"Sockwaz is live tweet viewer written in CoffeeScript."
"A very flexible AJAX based MySQL data editor."
""
""
"A Restlet+OSGI try project managed with Maven, Pax-Construct and the pax:provision pluggin"
"A small Google Chrome extension that prepends the week number to each calendar row."
"Experiment for academic paper"
""
""
"Photo album plugin handler for Labyrinth"
"To store our sample programs"
"Service Utilities"
"Ruby & Nitro"
""
"Proprietary files for ZTE Blade"
""
"assignment task 2"
""
"Really simple example of using Pusher with Ruby"
"some usefull shell script (ubuntu oriented)"
"two cloned project from google"
""
"My Vim Stuff"
"A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set."
""
""
""
""
"Logicify"
"Vim configuration"
""
"Implementation of Simple Regenrating Codes (SRC) using Jerasure Library"
"Single Sign On - CAS Integration for Gentics Portal.Node"
"A kick-ass mentoring setup with Citizen428 and Daniely"
"The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"To jest testowe repozytorium do nauki GIT"
""
"Munin-Vala-Plugins with VALA"
"just a simple paperclip use example with rails3"
"My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro"
"This is a client of Q4M to use in Symfony2 as a Bundle. this bundle is being developed now."
"Parallel Primes (P^2): a parallel implementation of a prime number generator"
"form template with css library"
"A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program."
"mixi page app sample using catalyst"
""
"FastDB is a single PHP navigation script for Fast and Simple MySQL and PostgreSQL databases."
"snippet code, useful code, best practice code, good structure and examples"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application"
"small and simple gearman monitor"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"Pelham replacement"
""
""
"Screenshot tool for Walma Whiteboard"
""
"Weblog app to make static weblog sites"
"test"
"TerrariaServer with client code removal and additions from the TShock team."
"A simple notary for everyday cryptographic problems (like deciding who does the dishes)."
""
"Opinionated Framework (not likely to be useful to others as it is very opinionated and has specific dependencies)"
"My Emacs configuration files."
""
""
""
"Demo application - microblog"
""
"Some useful extensions to ASP.NET MVC"
""
""
""
""
""
"test"
""
"Notes in reStructuredText format, published on Read The Docs"
""
"The code that powers denachtdienst.org a website where friends can share their music."
"Wordpress templates and plugins used for seekingmichigan.org"
"A core set of python classes to do time-step simulations"
"nodejs library for mocking and stubing object, libs and method"
"HexEd is a simple program aiming to alter bytes in files."
"Prototype for google maps panorama overrides"
""
"My emacs configuration"
"rumble all-purpose data butler"
""
"Sample Rails App"
" TemplateEngine2: completely PHP based templating system with a completely pluggable framework"
""
"Looking for QES in t2k"
""
"win7 minesweeper cracker"
"Dev repo for b2g js ril while I figure out where to put it in m-c"
"Planning poker for WP7"
"A mechanism for bypass Plone security, accessing specific URLs while giving a secret token (core package)"
""
"A concentration / matching game written for the iPad"
"Restore Bionic via fastboot flash"
"Supports all three PS3 controllers via Bluetooth using the USB Host Shield from http://www.circuitsathome.com/ - This is the old version of the library. The newest one can be found at the following link: https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0"
"Experimental Operating System POSIX-oriented"
"Softsign Version 3.x"
"collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects"
"a driver for neo4j in node."
"Qt4 gui application generating plants using mathematical functions"
"Test Case Management"
"Somewhere to keep any Jquery plugins we develop."
"django based framework for rapid deployment of insurance products to the web and to facebook"
""
"App47 Blackberry Agent code"
"Solving problems using the clojure language"
"My preferred bash profile"
"bookshop installation for windows"
"double-ended queue implementations"
"Brightcove Media API wrapper gem"
"Quick and dirty decoder for SQLi attacks leverage CAST encoding"
""
"Tools for DX9 render output"
"Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API"
"Ruby on Rails demo app"
""
"App from Sam Ruby's Agile Web Development with Rails"
"Was a wiki. "
"TukUI skin for NugRunning"
"Placeholder for neo4j support website."
"Basic Learning"
"VirtualBox GUI for the shell"
"Re-familiarize myself with Java"
"Tool for managing academics for college students. Manages their courses, keeps a track of attendance, grades, assignments and their respective deadlines."
""
""
""
"building a sample knockoutjs single page application"
"mara vilha"
""
"My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine"
""
"My solutions to Project Euler problems in Lisp and Haskell (for learning purposes)"
""
"Drupal module for integration with LODSPeaKr"
"The free alternative to scrumy.com"
"Rake asset updater and compiler"
"A cross-browser haptics and graphics X3D plugin implemented using H3DAPI and FireBreath"
"Windows Phone app that includes ability to generate dynamic transparent tiles."
"Extension for Google Chrome to keep track of your great non-smoking life!"
"C Wrapper for ARPACK"
""
"nuvotv"
""
"Screensaver with christmas tree"
"drawing in R^3 for TeX"
"Java Managed Collections"
"A JavaScript library for creating Snake clones."
"A system call interception framework"
""
""
"A teaching environment for my personal use."
"Hyde Powered source to traeblain.com"
""
"plugins_created wordpress"
"the source of my website elasticdog.com"
"Just trying to try importing other files"
"A Java library implementing unix password hash generation."
"Ruby on Rails first application"
""
"I wonder how many RoR Tutorial first_apps are on here"
"Hybrid Mapping and Exploration Method"
"Water tree waker generator."
"make any drupal node type biddable. Does not tie into any payment system. More for a small organization keeping track of payments by themselves."
""
"Agency's first year book"
"An XCB X composite manager"
"Bridgy pulls comments and likes from social networks back to your web site. You can also use it to publish your posts to those networks."
"supervision lets you install and switch between multiple versions of SiteVision."
"A new and improved perl library for interfacing with the mygengo API."
"C# library for running cron jobs on .NET"
""
""
"A lightweight NBT file reader/writer library"
"My Dotfiles"
"Railscamp attendee lists"
"games in Turbo Pascal 7.0"
"Learning to use KML and Google Maps"
""
"Various bash functions"
""
"the distributed database system for the D2"
""
""
""
""
"given a list of airports, and a list of flight to and from those airports, FlightScheduler will find the shortest path from any airport to any other airport"
"A collection of Flash Card Decks for use with the Anki SRS system"
"my personal portfolio site"
"Project to sync iTunes on the Mac to your Android phone"
"Detect Hash Colisions Attach on ASP .net"
""
"landing page for eschulte.github.com"
"CrowdSource Logo Design"
"SIP Application for TT1 lecture"
""
"Written assignments & algorithm implementations for my algorithms course."
"My external brain on zen and git"
""
"my macvim plugins"
""
"A simple python web crawler with MySQL database"
""
"intabulas.github.com"
""
"Convert WTT strings files to android strings files"
"Countdown to an event"
""
"Manage your TODO lists and habits"
"example of google javascript api"
"Attempt to create a simple online game with node.js"
"Application to run and collect data for a social psychology cheating experiment"
"A Python module for conversion of audio files"
""
""
""
"Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed"
"ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies"
"My expreiments with parboiled scala parsing library"
""
""
""
"Baselined Documents"
"A Responsive Boilerplate Theme for WordPress"
""
"Base installation profile"
"js server and ui for semflow"
""
""
""
""
"Ruby of Rails sample application"
"Posterous meets OpenTok"
"Functions to return PMIDs and document information from a given query string."
"A quick and dirty way to use HTML5 in native apps"
"This is my VFW git files"
"Converts SBV subtitle files to a comma-delimited format. SBV files are used by Youtube.com's automatic subtitle generating system, and can be downloaded. This program will convert them to a comma-delimited format that can be imported into MS Excel or Open"
"Sample code to learn Objective-C"
"DIY Cheap Autonomous Weather Station"
"Calculates potion ids"
"My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template"
"easy newsletter system based on ruby on rails 3.1"
"VFW Project"
""
"Config files, my way."
"Eventworks development framework"
"Imagine Church Setup App"
""
"Tema Rosario al toque"
"Save client-side drafts for Omeka Admin"
"An experimental alternative take on a graph library for Haskell (inspired by fgl and the Boost Graph Library)"
""
""
""
"my dotfiles"
"Simple site monitor using hookio hooks"
"This is a seed of a perl shell for Postgresql, It adds the ability to Import CSVs preprocessed by Text::CSV"
"Gifts plugin"
"ruby wrapper for the webmetrics api"
"Prorietary files for Folio 100 with 2.6.32"
"Move every regular file in a given directory into year/month/ subdirectories"
"C++ string reference class"
"Unix config file editor written in javascript"
""
"take notes  max char 500"
"Simple perlin noise implementation (1D)"
"A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner."
"Truncate any string by a number of pixels. Perfect for when you need to shorten a string to take up a certain amount of space regardless of it's CSS styling."
"Screenshot taking and management tool."
""
""
""
"A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes."
""
"An experimental attempt to write a HTML5 podcast client."
"simple download accelerator/splitter written in c"
"Bash background exec. A daemonizing wrapper script for use with start-stop-daemon. Well... sometimes."
""
"*deprecated* My MacPorts"
""
"Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices"
"IsUnit ensures your unit tests don't have external dependencies or dependencies on other classes unless explicitly stated making your code clean and easy to refactor"
"BSU Super Computer Phoenix Initiative cluster graphical task manager"
"system dialogowy RPG"
""
"Mean-field self-consistent equations for slave-boson superconductivity."
"Backgammon with AI in java"
"Permanent world generator. Plugin for Bukkit."
"Academic project (fake distributed system entirely developed in python)"
"simulates media queries to run javascript code"
""
"Doing Project Euler in F# for my personal growth in the language."
""
""
"Collection of JavaScript utilities (scientific)"
"Random tools that come in handy"
"Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University."
"Ruby on Rails sample, Chapter 3"
"Experiments in text analysis."
"A distributed object language for node.js with multiple backends (e.g. redis, mysql, ...)"
"Projekt und so"
"Playing around with JS sound, inspired by Max Goodman's presentation ""Making Waves: A Primer in Pure JS Generated Audio"".  See http://chromakode.com/misc/waves/pow.html"
"A super simple mock for testing new monitoring concepts."
""
""
"LogJam debianization"
""
"Routing information via google maps"
""
""
"Browser-hosted downloads"
"autotest-growl for pure network-based growls"
""
"I'm just learning rails... this is my sandbox to play in"
"SOM algorithm for clustering multiple dissimilarity tables"
""
"A couchapp for dvdprofiler data"
"experiementation based on http://java.ociweb.com/mark/clojure/article.html"
"The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
""
"PIT mutation testing tool with TestNG"
"Chat application that doesn't require login or anything installed. Written in Node"
""
"Easy way to manage one or more Resque processes during testing"
"jQuery Imageviewer"
"Piano keyboard for Qt4 based platforms"
"University project writen in C#"
""
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"Ruby in Rails sample application"
"Configuration for BuildBot using Django"
"Tutorial code (OSX cocoa) for connecting to Remember The Milk, using Grand Central Dispatch"
""
"A magical wonderland where hardware gets tested."
""
"Nette component for fast creating mini calendar "
"@musicAdam and I's game project."
""
""
"Theo Armour GitHub home page"
"Web application for controlling SiliconDust hdhomerun devices."
"combining examples from the book"
"A web-app involving generalized spectral analysis for large sets of data"
"Toobify website, youtube player"
"Project Euler solutions"
"It's my first node.js project. We will see what it becomes..."
"throw-away simple rails app for migrating DB"
"A better way to view logs!"
""
"Demand Five plugin for Plex"
""
"Seven languages in seven weeks projects"
"the well-known eight queens problem coded in JAVA."
"The mobile portal page prototype is an implementation of a simple Wikipedia home page for portable devices."
"A C virtual machine"
""
""
"Michael Hertl's rails tutorial"
"A small parser of ""TODO""-like statements in source code."
"A simple Twitter viewer demo"
""
"Unofficial campaign creator for The Battle for Wesnoth. Written in Python"
"Django app to poll urls and check their contents"
""
""
"Converts Gmail to Google Spreadsheets"
"Sync JS automatically updates HTML, Scripts, data, and other resources within dynamic web pages. Unlike other JS frameworks, Sync JS attempts to significantly reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to create dynamic web applications.   The framework uses "
"jquery ticker"
"Content management and UI interaction"
"TreeJS is a framework-independent, javascript-enabled hierarchical table."
""
"SASTRA's internal online judge."
"A tool to help people who take medication keep track of it. You can buy it for $5 on my website or if you're geeky enough, build it from source!"
""
"test desc"
""
"App for displaying per-room split for SuperMetroid speed runs"
"In this challenge you will work on a simulation problem with a hydrographic theme. You will be asked to progressively fill an underground cave with water. The cave sports a particular topography of rock formations that will affect the way in which the wat"
"Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library"
""
"an iRODS implementation in the Twisted framework"
""
"PHP Test Test Program"
""
"HTML5 Canvas experiment"
"Evolving user requirements and analysis"
""
"Very simple and minimalist backend for a blog engine"
"Small web-app for learning languages nice and easy"
"Above & Beyond Plumbing LLC's website"
""
"Accelerate mobile internet"
"miscellaneous"
""
"A stop-gap tool to automate the deployment of the Timetables web app."
""
"backup from inception with photos update but disqus distorts"
"Android"
""
".vimrc file"
"rails installer demo"
"fquit is a program that makes killing processes by name much more convenient under OSX"
""
""
""
"Script to discard all pending Mailman requests"
"Applications for block play on XNA."
"Complete features including files and setup (Not easy!)"
""
""
"Complex Number in JavaScript"
"miscellaneous files"
""
"projet raphael"
""
"a cli gdy client"
""
""
"Scripts for installing Node.js on different platforms"
"Tool to publish posts on a Wordpress blog from the command line."
"Advanced music shuffle library"
""
"Its an impossible one"
"API documentation for spinoff"
"Demo app from ruby tutorial"
""
"A simple script to create a simple mailing list from a gmail account"
"Few config files"
""
".files for my OS X Lion"
""
"Event Invitation"
""
"SHA1 digest"
""
"optional"
"A tool for generating valid HTML sites via the command line. Like a blog, but harder to use."
"It is the module for Joomla! that add social media/networks buttons on your site."
""
"my dotfiles"
"Google Chrome extension that shows a pop-up containing in-play and coming up football events on Betfair."
""
"M-Persia is a modified version of Mikael Roos's Persia at BTH on course dbwebb2."
""
"Swipe Gestures and Buttons added to Apples sample code on loading PDFs"
""
"Octopus Replication Example"
""
"Listagem de produtos"
""
"Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto"
""
"mvp and roboguice and tdd"
"just for test"
""
"InspIRCd Logging module"
"First Node.js demo app"
""
""
"gragh based raphael"
"Sample Application"
""
"Rails Tutorial, sample app"
"Projeto de git do custo on-line"
"My linux config files"
"mobile final project"
"Small script I use to extract rar archives"
"Plane Wave model by Oleg Kuzik"
""
"Misc Code Exerts"
"Core of BinaryAnalysis suite"
"Classroom Management Software"
"Library to convert SVG paths to THREE.Paths"
"A ruby on rails email client"
""
"Grails Plugin for FullContact API"
""
"My CV"
""
""
""
"custom project based on BaseApp2"
"Visualize charts with mysql data"
""
""
"Simplified online writing and publishing "
""
"Bringing Naturally Developed Scientific Applications to Web"
"my first project, test github's features :)"
"throwaway project for demo purposes"
"Vaadin add-on for separation of presentation and content"
"Deck of Cards for Android"
"POC to test the new Questor JS  architecture"
""
"MediaWiki extension for including articles."
""
"My configuration files."
"jnp3"
""
"My config files in home dir"
"Entity Framework Code First Caching Mechanism"
"Interpreto pentru pseudo-cod (Interpreter for pseudo-code)"
"ranking"
"Universal Lint"
"theme template of my blog built upon emlog. "
"LocationReminder is an application where the user can store tasks connected to a specific location."
""
"Provide an easy way to use your current application servers to also run tasks for that application"
""
"A game which is a combination of a Fruit/Slot Machine and a Puzzle game where matching patterns is required"
"Kanji Self Study Flashcard type thing"
""
""
""
"UTSA Vizwall Website"
"A navigation block that creates topics as a drop down menu for quick links"
""
"Conf Puppet Client"
""
"Fachschaft Tools Fachschaft Physik Marburg"
"My blog"
""
""
""
"Configs for various things"
"A work in progress email reminder site."
"Khotyn's Github Blog"
"NTU math geometry HW (tmt514, willyliu, peter50216)"
"First app for ruby on rails tutorial"
""
""
"A generic bin packing algorithm in java."
"Gemoji's blog"
"Clone of forum.pravda.com.ua"
""
""
"basic c memory allocator"
"Natural Language processing library for Macedonian (MK)"
"Site for selling and buying books"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"Enables user friendly and powerful front end testing of web applications with minimum required effort to implement."
"Karpinski Practice Website"
"Simple game to help you practice your hiragana memorisation"
"A collection of simple app examples for iOS 4"
""
"Wizard to generate TCOS thin client network boot images"
"Sample implementation of a presence server for createjs."
"Let us vote the hottes weibo portaits out!"
""
""
""
"Use markdown for outlining in vim"
"A client to post to Gist and Twitter"
"New sample application from tutorial book"
""
"A Maven 3 plugin for working with JAXB."
"simple logger for python but with new approach for logging per module"
"A brainfuck turing machine"
""
""
"Serial command processor for Arduino that uses LUA-like pattern matching (similar to Regexp)"
""
"A Makefile template for compiling web sites"
"an assembla.com cli"
""
""
""
"Sandbox for playing around with the MINE tool."
"Tools On Python"
"Efficient Vim"
"HTML assets for H&S search app"
"test project for heroku"
""
""
""
"Testing environment for the OpenJUMP GIS."
"school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python."
""
"Open science notebook blog"
""
""
"ICU4C as an RPM for RHEL6"
"sound card add-on"
"simulacion de perfil en flash"
""
"L2Divine scripts"
""
""
"A few scripts for managing tahoe-lafs"
"Sexy and Sex no like."
"Getting data out of STE files quickly."
"15-min Lightning Talk: CoffeeScript for Rubyists"
"Simple Twitter bot to correct people when they misspeak about pete and his sakes"
"Project / Task management as simple as it can be"
"unix home directory stuff"
""
"Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application"
"Hacky tools for downloading public Proust stories"
"A mechanism for bypass Plone security, accessing specific URLs while giving a secret token"
"Add some additional filtering to calendar on My Page"
""
""
""
"Simplified classloader baed modules"
"Kone frontend em Ext JS"
"Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints"
"Jeff Doolittle's github pages"
"A REST-API for managing and streaming music, along with a JS front end."
"Following Rails3 Tutorial"
"A Java console application playing ""swimming game"" (see http://www.pagat.com/commerce/schwim.html for an explanation)"
"A personal project using OpenGL"
""
"Area to do the exercises in Seven Languages In Seven Weeks"
"blog"
"Some of my auxiliary mathematical libraries"
"StratoSpera BSM-2 board schematics, firmware and web tracker."
""
"YinXiangMa video CAPTCHA wiget"
"Visual Scoreboard for your Blogger Blog"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application "
"simple bot that connects to a IRC room and save the transcripts to a txt file"
""
"Oil Standard is a greasemonkey script that converts all US Dollar prices on every webpage into the equivalent value in barrels of oil, with a live price feed from the New York Mercantile Exchange. A commission of Turbulence.org."
""
"Practicing making a slider control w/ html/css and pure js"
""
"Munin monitors for running rake processes"
"A BrowserCMS module to integrate a google mini search appliance into CMS site."
"Implement Operation Department for JSS (Jan Swasthya Sahyog)"
"Implementation of big integers"
"A Backbone plugin to allow for Models structured with Fields."
"A small commandline program to search the occurrence and cooccurence of words in a given file."
"Comme allocine mais que pour le series."
"Some random code"
""
"sbic"
""
"Linux Game"
"editor"
"Mac Address Book Dialer plugins for IP phones from Aastra, Snom, Auerswald"
""
""
"CheckVacancy"
"test"
"A jQuery Plugin that allows different objects to move in a parallax motion around the page as it is scrolled."
"Code for StackOverflow questions"
""
""
"Control principal y control de actitud"
"Simple PHP MVC"
"Git usage experimenting sandbox "
"LZ77compressor for Nintendo Wii"
"Sources from the tutorial ""create an facebook Tab app"""
"Ruby on Rails tutorial demo application"
"assorted programs for the MSP430 microcontroller platform"
"simple sqlite and crypto  project"
"Multi-agent Learning Simulator and Benchmark"
"Expression Editor Query Builder for WoL"
""
"Rewrite of lockx in Haskell"
"A blog editor using xml rpc"
""
""
"Bahs productivity scripts"
""
"The Now app from Beginning Android 4"
"ConTeXt file for generating hanzi practice sheets"
"UnitedSomaliStudents"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample_app"
"Virtual font files for Courier extra weights and variants in TeX"
"Dwarven Guidance Counselor"
"a rails sample app"
""
"1. Semester @ TH-Wildau"
"JS PTO calculator"
"Public Design Unit: Art Gallery Mississauga"
""
""
"C to Brainfuck Compiler (it is a long-term work, which is stilll under development)"
"Provides a Question field using the Fields API."
"A easy whiteboard with backlogs and tasks that can be assigned to a team members"
"Some Katas..."
"Hobby OS for x86"
"siri proxy first plugin dev"
"Source code for MDV program"
"Modelling Probabilistically Bounded Staleness with Tangle"
"MIT Scheme GUI. Prototype for mksv3"
"Home Automation Interface based on QT, using LUA for ""script"""
""
"bash history collector.  Web (php/mysql) component plus bash functions"
""
"bookshelf"
"An introduction to recursive functions using python"
"LoginReward takes the idea that was started in DailyBonus, LoginBonus, RewardMe, etc. and extends it for full control and customization."
"Notes on Vistoli's notes on descent"
""
""
""
"Fractal textures and terrain for Jax!"
""
"Machine Learning (6.867) project on differentiating written dialects of a language"
"Little project used to learn Scala. A association football management game."
"Network Programming Assignment @SFC, 2011f"
"Settings for Sublime Text"
"A jumble jar that includes a task to run it from ant."
"This is a demo I used in my talk at SenchaCon 2011. It's a Sencha Touch application (for iPhone) that uses PhoneGap to cache data using CoreData."
"Scripts for AverMedia MCE116 Plus"
"A spider for http://www.icone.co.uk/"
"CubeAttack framework implemented in CUDA (TRIVIUM & MICKEY as example targets)"
"A big collection of sketches for Away 3D 4"
"my wsd page"
""
"Set fire to your enemies!"
""
"My config files"
"Timeline of Instagram pictures within the greater Boston area"
"game idea implmented with twitter/ruby"
""
"SomePlayer for Harmattan"
""
"Site covering HTML/Javascript banner to blackout any website."
""
""
"Group video organization and discussion tool"
""
"Generate graphical maps of bibliographic corpi, sorted by author."
"A plugin for Melody and Movable Type that allows administrators to publish a site to a different directory for the specific purpose of creating a version of the site appropriate for offline distribution (e.g. a USB key fob)"
""
"SilverStripe module that easily allows adding of header image banners on CMS pages."
"danbarber.me"
""
""
"XQuery Implementation"
"An interface to WorldGuard regions with iConomy support"
"streaming XML transformations"
"Slot Machine Bukkit Plugin"
"Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules"
"Web based document editor"
""
"search and rescue application  for locating people in a building "
"This is the notes I created for learning git from trainings etc"
"Scripts to get Max OS X set up as a development machine"
"Systemd Units "
"springSide application"
"Plugins for ImageJ created at the ESRF "
"A geographical content management system as a DeepaMehta 4 module. A rewrite of Kiezatlas 1.6."
"Allows BrowserCMS to export a sitemap for search engines to help with Search Engine Optimization (SEO)."
""
""
""
"Nice looking HTML-reporter for Jasmine BDD"
"C++ week 5-10 miniprograms assembled to a single X-code project."
"A Ruby on Rails application example"
"http tunnel"
"A tool to generate PlantUML source files from java sources"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
""
""
"LED Clock inspired by TIX Clock"
""
"Rails Demo Project"
"Picasa to Facebook image synchronizer"
"The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
""
"Pluggable crawlers to crawl geek profiles across portals like github, stackoverflow etc."
""
"Sample repo to demonstrate possible bug in Clojure protocols"
""
"Demo app of the Pegasus magazine"
"Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school."
"A math library for graphics operation providing vector and matrix algebra and some other useful classes for describing colors, dimensions, points and rectangles. All classes are available in mutable and immutable variants."
"XY Programming Language"
""
"The first app for  ruby on rails project"
""
"Sindpd oposi web generator"
""
"Tracking eBay bids for the RaspberryPi beta boards"
"Diffusion tool for multichannel audio setups"
"Save power with automatic wake on lan and sleep"
"Bash scripting library"
"This plugin allows you to execute custom scripts when you POST a Redmine's URL"
"Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites"
"My resume in Latex"
""
"Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)"
"Resize images using Amazon SQS, S3"
""
""
"Generator of strings matching regular expressions"
"A chat client I am building from scratch."
"A Manager theme for MODx Revolution"
""
"Skrill Demo"
""
"NXT-PLC: PLC-like distributed control system framework for Lego Mindstorms NXTs"
"Google Anaylitcs inpost trackevent"
""
"My documents and notes for public consumption"
"play application to display content indexed by reindxr"
""
""
""
"Plugin that allows Uni to also create Lectures for a Course"
"Iuid a simple uid generator and storage"
""
"repo for london python coding dojo Season 3 Episode 5 (5th Jan 2012)"
"My dot files."
""
"GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes"
""
""
"Edited AMXBANS for them not to be so gay (also, for cservers.cz)"
"Instagram Unshredder in Go"
""
""
"Demo rails app"
"Ruby on Rails Sample Applicaiton"
""
"Pluggable Track Layout Manager"
"Windows based program to add,remove,update and manage game servers"
""
"e-commerce website for flowers made from recycled medicine bottle caps"
"My take on the exercises of the book ""Seven Languages in Seven Weeks"""
""
"A win32 console app that watch keys in your registry and change them back if something update them."
""
"Element Attribute Based DOM Injection. Add content to the DOM when attribute conditions are met."
"Extensiones de la anterior"
"Hello Project"
"Projet OMGL"
"Still Toasting"
""
"Adventures With Ruby On Rails"
""
"my linux dotfiles"
"MediaWiki extension to add Twitter Widget in the sidebar."
":)"
"A job dispatcher for distributed processing"
"Some of my Javascript utility stuffs, written in CoffeeScript."
"A ruby gem and command-line tool for interfacing with the MF60 Personal Hotspot"
"An interactive (improved?) version of cd, with inspiration from Finder"
"ScoutsOnline, alleen dan offline"
""
"Notes for the Oracle Certified Java Programmer (OCJP) course (java 6)"
""
""
""
"An android app made for fun"
"keep your cocoa DRY"
"A server using source port of  UDP packets to transfer a message payload "
"This is a test project"
"OOP HW: C#.NET Jigsaw Game"
"MoonScript support from IDEA"
"My Todo App expiriment"
"Final project for CS 230 Data Structures.  Keeps track of all the books and patrons in a citywide library system.  As of the last Dec 15th commit, I met all my goals for the class project; I've spent too much time on it to give it up that though.  Look fo"
""
"Adds an invitation system to the wcf user profile system."
""
"Arduino sketch for the Serial Servo Controller firmware"
""
""
""
"Eclipse RCP version of pms-optical-shop."
"iSPI: Investigating Search Patterns in Interfaces"
"A practice management software suite for managing patients and orders. "
"Producer Job Push"
"Library for managing public-key-based identity"
"Sniff conversations between random strangers on the Omegle random-pairing instant messaging service using libomegle."
"shopping cart"
"Tool to facilitate script combination and minification"
""
""
""
"A more secure mobile environment"
"Git tutorial"
""
"Repository of demos for testing all manner of scenarios"
"Practice project for work"
""
""
"Kodak image sensor component with sensor driver, sensor control and basic image processing"
""
"Importing CSV data file into an iOS app via email attachment"
"todo app for presentation"
"An Object Oriented File Class for C++"
"Ruby on Rails"
"Byte knowledge stuff"
"Open-Source Web Code Editor"
"elements of R to Clojure conversion pipeline"
"Assessment Tool"
"This is a practice repo since I am new to all this"
"files/theme setup & plugins playground"
"Not Giving Up"
"a 2D scenegraph for MonoGame"
"A ruby-gem that makes adding method calls before/after methods simple"
"websum calculates the md5 checksum of the content behind urls"
"my Sublime Text Settings"
"A git mirror of ctms-common's canonical subversion repository"
"Simple Battleship game using C# and WPF"
"Artificial Neural Network Java Class"
""
"senior project"
"An alternative to a better WebTop"
""
"Application built from ""Rails 3 In Action"" book by Yehuda Katz and Ryan A. Bigg"
"A slider plugin for jquery"
"Create electrode layout configurations on cortical surface"
"Mouseover effect with fades"
"Loading of 3ds files"
"A spin-off of Written Kitten for LaTeX assignments"
"The Ergonomical Cang-Jie input method layouot"
"Sample app for https://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic/issues/714"
"A free software (AGPL) alternative to Dropbox"
"Uses Dijsktra and Kruskal to explore graph"
"A Dozen Eggs game implemeted with playn"
"Code Igniter Packages (""third party"")"
"pousada pontal maceio"
""
""
"Chooses a formatter for best displaying purpose"
""
"Example app for git blog posts"
""
"A utility script I used in conjunction with wget to get copyright information from a website."
""
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application"
"Miscellaneous code test in various languages."
"interactive project for ""zeit ist held"", an interactive installation about time"
"Lightroom integration with Sta.sh"
""
""
"Parse and extract data from Tracker files in the browser"
"optional"
""
""
""
"My Git Page"
"fitnium with remote control api"
"Warsow gametype script series"
""
"A Small Ruby Image Library"
"blank rails project with fave gems and settings as a starting point..."
"Play Framework"
"Plugin for Xepher"
"5 by 5 led panel driven by an ATmega8 - 328"
""
"The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Asynchronous Proxy Engine for SilverStripe 3.0 - export DataObject class methods to javascript"
"OpenPGP implementation for Elgg 1.8"
"Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !"
""
"LNMP Auto Upgrade Mysql"
"blubb"
"for testing JSON based apiRequest()'s"
"kinect project in creater's day"
"test"
"Phylogenetic structure during community assembly using Python"
"github page"
"learning iOS"
"Simple Data Object"
"Blog"
"A gateway to Salesforce for ARM based devices with limited HTTP client libraries."
""
"C library for writing portable USB drivers in userspace"
"Simple example of using the Graph API on the client side for Pluralsight"
""
"Gestion des brins des films"
"The programs executed for rubymonk exercises"
"Site perso"
""
"Migrate your jBPM 3.2 processes to BPMN2 in the cloud, complements of OpenShift!"
"Extract transform load"
"Download and makeup program guides of a few channels for the next week"
"Convert Haskell values into K terms and vice versa"
"The tikapot.com website"
"Keep Calm and Carry On"
"SimpleErl is the simplest yet flexible and managable static site engine. Written in Erlang, executed by YAWS."
"Swipe event handler for touch devices."
"Save and restore files between Emacs sessions"
"Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing."
""
"Esto es una prueba de github"
"Bind 9 Config."
"ExpressionEngine fieldtype allowing easy addition of dropdown options"
"Monitors Delayed Jobs in Rails"
""
""
"test with Engine Yard"
""
"My .conkyrc"
"This is just a simple example that how to implement horizantle Picker view "
"Simple project to test PIT Mutation Testing"
""
""
"Plane Wave for Android"
"andoird experiment"
"A python module to work with molecular data related to Transcription Factors"
"Evernote using Github gists for Mac (using MacRuby)"
"DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability"
"Port curriculums on jwc.hit.edu.cn to Google Calander and other calanders."
"CommandManagement / Undo / Redo for WPF"
"cpp codes"
""
"Establish an invocation context client side"
"xl-winhttp - Windows HTTP Services for xyzzy Lisp"
"Solve logic puzzles"
"Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with Python for Pluralsight "
""
"some gentoo init scripts"
"Find out which of your friends are ""sneaky"""
"The Whole Nine Yards homepage"
"Drupal modules to integrate drupal and fluxbb"
""
"Modified version of FREQT implemented by taku-ku"
"AgiliaLinux abuilds"
""
"semestral work for MKR course (CTU FEE mobile and cooperative robotics course)"
"My dotfiles"
"Pomodoro Hub"
""
""
"Projet du cours de compil"
"static site"
"Workload benchmark for stress tests in linux/windows systems"
"LogChecker macro for Moinmoin"
"Adds a GitHub upstream ""button"" on forked repositories"
"smudge your headers"
""
""
"guestbook"
"matlab scripts to be compared to numpy ones"
""
""
"Projet sur le Process Unifie"
"Templates for http://cyclozzo.github.com"
"first app, as working from ruby.railstutorial.org"
"A Plone products used to replace the footer by a 3 level site map"
"A simple jQuery plugin for keyboard scrolling through different sections in a webpage."
"My solutions to ""Ninety-Nine Haskell Problems"""
"blog"
""
"Scrubr contains a set of utilities to parse a payload against a definition. It can be used on it's own or it can be used as middleware for Connect."
""
"Web browser frontend for SambaDir"
"Multihoming udp-tunnel"
"HTML generation and CRUD automation java struts2"
""
"Framecurve ruby gem for parsing/validating and other things"
"HTML5 Web application for counting cells in microscope images"
""
"CI-BER visualization prototypes - Cyberinfrastructure for Billions of Electronic Records"
""
""
"A World of Warcraft addon."
""
""
""
"Command-line tool and Ruby API client for One-Time Secret"
""
""
""
"Human Endeavor to Love People"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application"
"test"
""
"Doctrine DBAL and ORM integration for Patchwork"
"sidelegend from bottle homepage"
"Automata programming"
"Various letters to people"
"Game TP"
"My own CSS base when starting a new project"
""
""
""
"The simplest way to check if packages must be updated from Debian security repository"
"ZendFramework"
"From Martin Fowler's book"
"A simple Pyramid webapp for displaying per developer tickets and hours from multiple Tracs."
""
""
"Gravitar component for Appcelerator Titanium"
"Allow to drop tables before syncdb"
""
"Swiff is intending to be a efficient, portable SWF runtime library."
"Provides a global persisted key value store for BrowserCMS that can be used to keep configuration key value pairs"
"A dumb tool to trim and merge mp3s for The Science of Fiction podcast."
"Create a simple browsable image gallery from a given public Picasa account. "
"Project management system"
"Projet Java pour l'ENSIIE"
"Lenders program for studies"
"dese.cnodejs.net"
""
"A project for configuring different surroundings with the help of a smartphone and bluetooth."
""
"php code"
"a P2P file share tool, not finished yet"
"Submits your clipboard text to PasteBin.com and gives you the URL to the paste, doing everything without requiring you to open your web browser."
""
"Script to send SMS messages via http://unisender.com api"
"ROR project"
"A small IUT project. Displays a rotating cube in OpenGL."
"Set of components used to create a complete CMS dashboard."
"prueba 1 "
"A Web Desktop"
""
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial demonstration application"
""
"Octopress-powered blog"
"Search application for APIs"
""
""
"A repository for Wilson Lab tethered flight code."
""
"test"
"Columbia SIDL WeAreHereNow Backend"
"python/libusb tool for reading images from fingerprint reader"
"My Emacs configuration files"
"Custom theme for Sunnyvale website"
"School papers"
"Most valuable pieces of my setup"
"A place for some WIP in iproute"
""
"max/msp based game sound engine"
"A simple secure chat written in c++ "
""
""
"Some jQuery UI experiments"
""
"A web project based on java spring"
"Playing with rack"
""
""
"The Flash application that is used to access virtual worlds and games on the Bit Whirl platform."
"A gpg-encrypted password database"
"Data structures and algorithms"
""
""
"An implementation of the caching assignment from Telus"
""
""
"Simple Git"
""
""
"VTI_Daemon"
""
""
""
"Programming contest is fun"
"An installable theme for Plone4"
""
"GooglePlus connectors for Bonita"
"Encrypt your data with RSA using Javascript and decrypt it in appengine java"
"Scripts to install HPCC deps for build."
""
"Grand Lodge Balloting Application"
""
"The jedi programming language."
""
""
""
"Stupid continuous deployment tool. Probably nobody else will care about"
""
"Modified version of Arclight theme for MythTV"
"my personal web site made in sinatra"
""
"Visualize Graph.pm data in SVG"
"building a processor as a project for my university's VHDL course"
""
""
"My github landing page, for what it's worth. "
"XCP's bug reporting tool ported to Debian"
""
"Very old utility scripts for Puppet. Defunct."
""
"My personal website"
""
"A single player Rails 3.1 & Coffeescript BlackJack game"
""
""
"MySQL Table Case Changer"
""
"One-click switcher between Yandex and Google SERPs"
"Efficient query on a RDF graphs database."
"Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ..."
"Blur content on the page to quickly gauge proximity and alignment"
""
""
""
""
"Allows deferring execution of enumerable methods"
"send mails by gmail smtp"
""
""
"Module to show forum comments"
""
""
"CHUPALA NAVARRO"
"An experiment to replicate a music visualiser (originally created in Processing) in Python."
"Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all."
""
"A Bit Twiddling  implementation of ""sieve of eratosthenes"" in C and Java, "
""
""
""
"Intrerpreter of Befunge"
""
"Simple OSX LaunchAgent to automatically set the Location based on a wireless SSID"
""
"TASEP for ring movement in matlab"
"This is a head counting software. Its aim is to be able to count the number of people present in a crowd, especially in protests, and provide an estimate as accurate as possible."
"The popular Consortium Key Sender for Mac"
"Random Mythryl stuff"
"JOMC is an object management and configuration application programming interface with corresponding reference implementation and tools for managing object management and configuration code."
"Mac OS X Diagnostic Script"
"A simple web server writing in javascript using the node wrapper for V8 engine "
"Restore del.icio.us bookmarks from database in firefox extension"
"one of my first fun in django"
"A platform to find causal effects among in America's National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey"
"A Qt4 spectrogram widget using librespect"
"Exploration of shuffle algorithms with unit tests"
""
"Registry for FeOS (requires sqlite3 for FeOS)"
""
"Java 6 Certification Examples"
"Learn Ruby The Hard Way Exercises"
"A ChriStmaS Card"
"Mobile Interface & Usability"
"Simpla WordPress Theme with support for widgets"
"Website that is able to take control over XBMC. Edit movies, series, sources, ... from the browser."
"Bazu API Ruby SDK"
""
"Subnet calculator"
"my personal zsh configurations, nothing to see here, move along."
"Major Ursa Dev Site"
""
""
"CTracker"
"Java NuGet server"
"learnGIT"
""
"Temporary repository for new code related to goamz (launchpad)"
""
""
"git repository for FoneMonkey with minor changes for our project"
"Zookeeper recipes using python"
"Simple Django project used to display graphs."
"The Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application"
""
"A library that helps working with RGB led."
"commonconcept.net rails edition"
"ASCII-art camera for android"
"Various projects, mostly including hardware design"
"Server for EGON NPP simulator"
""
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"connect to cisco (web) vpn using openconnect"
""
"Tornado based Asterisk Manager Interface event dispatcher"
""
"Bash profile showing current branch and time since last commit"
""
"Lab for HTML5/CSS3 stuff"
"A simple python applet for mate-panel"
"A Rails Tutorial demo app (using Scaffolding) "
"Hello World in Android"
"Java stuff"
""
"Performance Test Server Component"
"Juego de poker web"
"Twin Ion is a nodeJS-based game engine for SWCCG"
""
"proyectos con ci"
""
"Metody numeryczne 2011/12 - kody z labu"
""
"Rails Development Toolkit"
"Project Euler solutions in Python"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
""
""
"bash scripts"
"Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with PHP for Pluralsight"
""
""
"Some scripts I'm making in PHP to solve number theory problems.  They'll be linked together on my website."
"powering the vertical wall plotter"
"CS123 final on the Filesystem (don't push from Mac)"
"Half-baked noodles of ideas for little bits of functionality for Django"
"Verba for Android is a Latin-English dictionary application based on the public domain dictionary ""An Elementary Latin Dictionary"" (1895) by Charlton T. Lewis."
"A re-imagined CLI.  Customizable syntax, help, permissions, data types."
"Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)"
"Pyramid plugin for HTTP Basic access authentication"
"Blocks of Maven dependencies, for quickly adding dependencies to projects"
"Controle de eventos e atividades do M"
"Open source javascript & wordpress plugin"
"A Common Lisp library that implements doubly-linked lists"
"Turner 2004 energy parameter parser"
"THEC TimeLink Distribution"
"Maily - an email client"
""
"hxtml is an HTML/CSS parser + renderer written in pure haXe"
""
"Simple raytracer"
""
""
"Powerful and lightweight bootstrap/autoloader class for PHP5."
""
"C# library for sending and receiving data over HTTP(S). Or a peon to do your HTTP bidding."
"Samples to test various JQuery UI widgets (Tab, accordian etc). MVC3 application."
""
"A place where Gran Turismo players can share settings and events"
"Ruby on Rails Sample Application"
"test repository"
"crazy, but works: it packs irclog, reindxr and ircbot all together"
""
"Ax code"
"flood module for coscms"
"some things for the internet"
"A web browser that has offline features like a Web Camera,  Games,Email and many more.You dont have to be online to navigate the Anansi Browser."
""
""
"Persistent session data in CGI applications"
"A simple date notification center widget"
"A quick-and-dirty script that I use to analyze use of color in CSS-files."
"Ruby on Rails tutorial first application"
""
""
"deb builder"
"NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN "
"Git mirror of Voce voice interaction library, with my improvements (link goes to upstream)"
""
"some Python projects I am writing to learn Python based off Marty Stepp's 143 Python lectures and assignments."
"AsyncEventEmitter is an asynchronous implementation of EventEmitter found in Node.js"
"jQuery Select Box Plugin"
"Simple example of GIT Cherry picking"
"A general pile of my C code"
"Spatial tests on PostGIS based on OpenStreetMap data"
"A PostGIS db backend that works with standard_conforming_strings."
"Server-side aggregator of RSS, email, tweets, google+, etc"
""
"Sweet math problems in Ruby"
"A internal ruby DSL for Quizzes design"
"iOS Structure (iStructure) MVC Framework"
"Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez"
"Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application"
"github pages"
""
"Some useful scripts for converting media files, using rtorrent and else"
"Datenverarbeitungseinheit Z45"
"Nginx config files for Dahnielson.com"
"Xcode My Locations Tutorial"
""
""
"An Earley parser."
"Common models (mostly survival)"
"OpenFlow Test Tool"
""
"Allows a user to play the game boggle against a computer"
"Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)"
"connector and jruby sinatra app to generate excel spreadsheets"
""
" BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system."
"experimental Symfony2 bundle "
"my php app framework"
"ruby 2 on rails 4 sample app"
"A Completely Javascript framework"
"fidonet gentoo/funtoo overlay"
""
"An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University."
""
"Scala implementation of a popular deck building card game."
""
"command-line metronome"
"Tools to access NCBI's eutil data in ruby"
""
"Complex example of GIT Cherry picking"
""
"An interactive POSIX shell tutorial."
"GVM"
"Static files for CTDA's installation of Romeu"
""
"My own xbmc repository"
"A simple cvs pack viewer"
"A mobile application for adding service hours and checking upcoming events for the CWRU APO Theta Upsilon Chapter"
"A bejeweled clone with an AI to play it"
""
"Kde Plasma plasmoid that plays a slideshow of your Facebook pics."
"Rails Tutorial Sample App Second Try"
""
"minimal example demonstrating scala on android with opengl es"
"Test suite to test validity of implementations of force fields in MD codes."
""
"The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Another possible direction for the ISIS project"
"rough proposal for my senior project"
"Standard rc files for linux/unix"
"Repository for my node.js experiments"
"Processing sketch to experiment with different user interaction approaches"
"Random B3 hacks"
"Demo Application for Devise Presentation"
"Optical Stimulation Waveform Generator"
"Join your teammates on a one-day trip"
"janus build for macvim"
"Yet another xml parser for erlang"
""
"demo for isotope_contacts"
"Roll Your Own Os"
""
""
"Portfolio Website by Peter Grassberger."
""
"My first github app"
"my hacker moleskine"
"Headless HTTP crawler/scraper"
"The second app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial."
"PHP / Zend Framework sample code"
""
"vimrc before/after files for janus"
"My personal website"
"Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB"
""
""
"User rate application for vk.com"
""
"Use a desktop or mobile browser to control your mouse pointer and send keystrokes."
"A play-by-web app for Diplomacy."
"Git hosting tools"
""
"WordPress plugin using Custom Post Types, Custom Taxonomies and a ""mini"" custom admin interface. For adding and deleting ""Quotes"", this NOT the same as WordPress' Quote Post Format"
"A simple god mode that watches for players in a Mob Arena"
"This is a project for small markets and simple users without PC experiance"
"simple programming language written in Java"
"The homepage of messycamp.dk"
"Complex number plugin on HSP 3.x"
"Simple text ignoring on Android. Free to modify and redistribute and mangle and slaughter, just don't impersonate Outer Earth Interactive."
"A complete Drupal 7.10 installation with the jVectorMap module for easier development. The module only code will be available on drupal.org."
"Just a whole load of things that I've worked on and find useful"
"Minimal Lisp Interpreter written in Python"
""
"A Stackato app that collects and displays Smart Remarks."
"HTML5 Media Player"
""
"LearnGit"
"Site vitrine MDH"
"Random Scala snippets"
"MUD/dungeon crawler mashup."
"SSO based login and registration service which has facebook, twitter and other possible integration. "
"Tumblr Administration Console"
""
"New interface for the seedbox and a content network"
"microblog"
"The Offensive (Web, etc) Testing Framework (aka owtf) is an OWASP+PTES-focused try to unite great tools and facilitate pen testing"
""
"Generates a zipfian distribution from the word frequency list extracted from a webpage."
"A website for travellers."
"for SimpleBus"
""
"Google Reader Watcher Firefox extension"
"Todo Project Manager, used for my diploma thesis"
""
"My first prayer request project"
"Watches mysql's general_log and prints out sql queries with syntax highlighting"
""
""
"Redmine theme for ALMinium"
"Computer moderated umpire for wargaming"
"Source for building an experimental Debian package of the NetCDF Java library"
""
"Cron job that runs and automatically launches their live radio stream when the Toronto Maple Leafs game is about to start"
"Minimalist framework for python based on RoR. Exaple application."
"Test app RoR Tutorial"
""
"Powerful, yet simple CMS base for Rails 3"
"Vim-like keybindings for Kanbanery"
"A simple algebraic computation system written in F#."
"Adds ability to mark questions as ""expert-only"", so they are only visible to privileged users"
"Haskell-Dojo"
"Some small examples on how to use buildr.apache.org"
""
"Build wagn as a Cloud Store package"
"Howto use aspects with Spring Data Neo4j"
""
""
""
"Graph Analysis prototype"
"Ausgabenverwaltung - track your expenses"
"Firmware for the Dactyl Autopilot board"
"Zelda clone"
""
" Yes, precious, false! They will cheat you, hurt you, LIE. "
""
"Robot localization software"
"First project"
"Arduino-based ham radio utility box"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application"
"Snakes by Nerdsopolis"
"My first project"
""
"A simple, lightweight, flexible and multi-purpose (X)HTML/XML Web scraper to be used in Python solutions."
""
""
"Dijsktra, Bellman and task scheduling implementation in Java."
"A test project for android app developing"
"Galleryable behavior and ajax-gallery based on Uploadify"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial: sample application"
""
"Database final project."
"Automated Parameter Estimation and Model Selection Toolkit -- A fast MCMC implementation for Bayesian inference"
"Application for the Department of Recording Arts (Indiana University)"
"Proof of concept for a new tech stack.. Gradle for builds, jboss with automated installation / deployment, spring + distributed transactions.."
""
""
"Kantine simulator"
"Content filtering web proxy for Windows"
"Using node.js to send updates to an AJAX table"
"Coffee air roasting with arduino"
"general area for new code"
"A native Mac typing test"
"FaceBook ad board scrapper"
"Rails learning using tdd"
""
"Collection of plugins to use with the goomba stomp one."
""
"Learning to be a web designer?"
"IRC assistant"
""
""
"A skeleton rails app with basic user authentication and pages"
"all my configuration files"
"Make Wolves attack when you use Projectiles! Works in Mob Arena too!"
"WAR into standalone JAR transformer"
"Eric Schrijver"
"A Facebook game, on alpha test"
""
"lalala"
"Flex client for PowerU "
"Ruby on Rails sample tutorial application"
"Web app for financial management"
"Elisa viihde qt client "
"first rails project"
"Open Source by Alfa Janog site"
"My shell scripts to ~/bin folder"
"Little tool to scan files on disk and manage collections"
"Hacker News Google Chrome extension that provides keyboard navigation."
"erlang template language in the style of JSP"
"My rspec-book playground"
""
""
"A pong clone written in C++ using OpenGL"
""
"1. railstuts4"
"It is a MWF contest."
""
"Python re-engineering of DieDieDie"
"php string functions ported to emacs lisp (very much in progress)"
"An app to organize your prayers"
"A jQuery plugin to help with the 'blank slate' form experience"
"A lightweight ASCII <-> Binary Converter"
"A ctypes-based Python interface to PortAudio"
"Rails Backend for Google Chrome HTTP Status Code Lookup Extension"
"An Asterisk AGI library for humans."
""
"A simple web application to choose pizzas by toppings"
"Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. "
"Software refactoring processes captured in Little-JIL language"
""
""
"Practicing Rails, Sass, TDD, etc."
"Utitlity to help translations of Serendipity blogging system"
"Push to Server"
""
"sample application"
"testing the integration of a calendar application and google maps in django"
"An Eclipse plugin which provides an environment for writing and building Vala programs"
"NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx"
"A KenKen solver in Haskell"
""
"[experiment] Sinatra-based application for rubyinstaller.org website (WiP)"
"Learning to code Python the hard way examples. Allowing me to practice from work or home. =)"
"Maven Plugin to help with internationalization of java projects."
""
"Exercises from Programming in Scala 2nd Ed."
"Rails implementation of Top Out mobile app"
"Fun with identifiers in Scala programs"
""
"coscms vote up / down module using jquery"
""
"A 2d jump'n'run game which auto-generates its worlds"
"just a test sample"
""
"DarkTower inspired rogue-like"
"Selenium tests for Scout/Jira integration"
"Parses the NXT RXE file format and disassembles the NXT bytecode"
""
""
"Build self-contained scripts from a set of files built as CommonJS modules."
""
"Insert page break marks "
""
"store application for karacos"
"Core library for KaraCos-UI"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"katas in haskell"
""
""
"Personal Website"
""
""
""
""
""
"tools to data mining news of websit"
"simple watchdog"
"Books database"
""
""
"Tattletale Example App"
"A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors.."
"Ruby client for 88pages"
""
"The itunes store search api states that large applications should use cache architecture.  This is my simple implementation of one such server using mongodb and node.js"
"Having a giant cursor in a webpage.. now with options.."
""
""
"no desc"
"Our Server for the Warlords of Hell Runescape Private Server Project Developed by DarkSlayerz (Mostly Server work) and Three Omar (Mostly Client Work) and WTF Ur Zerk for some help and Harlan is getting he's credits aswell."
""
"Code featured on the Fourth Moment blog"
"Shared app for prototyping"
""
""
"A browser version of jomMobile for developers"
"Rails 3.1 Plugin"
"Control an RGB lamp"
"scripts for processing tecan output"
"Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System"
"Template for a Noir app for Eclipse and Counterclockwise"
"depot"
"Send notifications to HipChat when stuff happens in JIRA Studio"
""
"Emacs epkg (3rd party)"
""
"Faux Data Generation Library"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorials sample application"
"Jen and Patrik's wedding site"
""
"Alarm developed code for the 2012 FIRST season"
""
""
"Projet Systeme et Reseau: TCP/IP "
""
""
""
""
""
""
"zf2 neuro network"
""
"An application to view CSV files on the console."
""
""
""
"Tetris implemented in JavaScript and the HTML canvas element"
"A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App"
""
"Simple Restlike app that exposes lucene text analysis and tokenisers"
""
"A suite of extensions for testng and maven to better integrate testing both in and out of the IDE"
"A project with the aim to create a site presenting pictures that are being added on a specific date."
"Davy Crockett tracks users as they navigate your website"
"Next version of apt-spy"
"Quickly evaluates distance when travelling between 2 or more addresses stored in contacts."
""
"Web app for managing files on my server"
"A simple gis client for educational purposes, showing simple operations on raster data"
"Storing my latest configs"
"Phenyloketonuria site"
""
"Nakupovalni seznam"
""
"A python library for dictionary-based analysis/synthesis of (musical) audio "
"Tracking your weight online"
"a soup to nuts chess engine using jchess"
"A second try at the Sequtus engine"
"Timer app for Android"
"Collection of userscripts "
""
"Shared (shell) Settings"
""
"MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation"
"sitepoint mobile book tutorial in rails"
"Fork to bring patches to utidylib project that has been inactive for 7 years"
""
""
""
"Desktop application for jugchennai.in"
"a simple twitter alike system (tas) build upon springMVC and cassandra"
""
"Revolution"
"Node.js data and content management platform with plugin and component architecture"
"Activity based simulation of the neuron. Based on mathematics from the field of cybernetics"
"Console multiplexer"
"an online mall for special pig"
"A slightly modified version of ChibiPaint (http://www.chibipaint.com/)"
"pico node framework"
""
"My own little framework"
"Kavalan Management System, currently being developed at Wufulab Ltd."
"School related work"
""
"Sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
""
""
"Basic CRM/Intranet system"
"Cluster Control 2"
"In page review platform"
"myProj"
"Python helper classes to access CouchDB"
"r code for analysis of jw file"
"Online payment methods"
"Simple JavaScript library to facilitate HTML5 pixel manipulation."
"SOPA Detector, firefox addon"
"Doggone is an online tool for finding dogs. Or something like that."
"layer!"
"It's only an experimental project"
"This is a tutorial for beginners learning CoffeeScript."
"View and content access add-ons for collective.powertoken support for Plone"
"PFC documentation"
"This is a simple project about anything"
"Ruby FFI wrapper for uchardet"
""
""
"a simple blog written in django- not yet working at all :)"
"PFC@UC3M"
"Project Euler Problems"
"Ett Fem i Rad spel. "
"Petey 5K 'ing"
""
"javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use."
"WordPress geotagging plug-in"
""
"A demonstration of a touch input bug after rotating a Samsung tablet"
"A memory game, which is very similar to simon. Can't miss one or you will lose!"
"A group chat web-app utilizing Google App Engine and GWT/Sencha GXT"
""
"An educational application to gain a better understanding of 3d vectors and the way they are affected by transformation matrices."
""
""
"Decipher ASCII tree regarding the Huffman coding"
"online payments managed package"
"Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)"
"The source code of my personal page"
"a very realistic civ sim"
"W/e broski. You jelly?"
""
"Boilerplate setup for App Engine using Go"
"JavaScript-based BUGswarm connector."
"A Rails-based web service for collecting SMS-based experience sampling data"
""
"Homepage for BYU ACM Chapter website"
""
"Motivated to not be a too damned time consuming activites, I create this framework implementing Microsoft IUI style application. Focused heavily on database desktop application."
""
""
""
"Monografia"
"Yet another implementation of a notify system in Mootools"
"my custom CMS - framework for development"
""
"POI represented by augmented reality"
"TCP-Dumpfile visualizer using GWT."
"Mass post parser from different sources"
""
""
""
"universal vim plugins"
"Mobile Web Group "
""
"Beginning iOS Development Projects"
"my website"
"Chat platform"
"Giggle's Packaging Debian"
"Toggle Endermen natural spawning."
"Unit test and utility library for .NET"
"My emacs config."
"An efficient, persistent, union-find data structure."
"andybrett.com - reworked using Rails 3.0"
"A Lua tool for programmatically interacting with MS Word forms"
"I got... 365 problems (to solve)."
""
""
""
"Daniel Lib Utils"
""
""
"test"
""
"Ruby gem client for Elastic Search as SaaS"
"linux appz configuration files"
"A test ( it means my investigation ) for WebIntents"
"Modules for PyroCMS"
""
"Backup scripts for Linux using rsync"
"Simple .NET e-commerce playground repository"
"Attempt to create simple android application for taking picture of 3d object"
"Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell."
""
"My collection of 'dotfiles'"
""
"Testing for different HTTP push technologies"
"A web based powerpoint presentation project using impress.js library "
"GAE + Eclipse + Maven Archetype"
"A mod that adds Myst Linking Books to Minecraft."
""
""
"A clojure port of the regular expression matcher designed by Rob Pike and described by Brian Kernighan in the book ""Beautiful Code""."
"Re-Configurable Hardware"
"website builder"
"Just a sandbox of random cruft while I learn git"
"Child Day Care program for Belgium (techniques: WPF, Caliburn, WCF, CQRS, OData)"
"WRAP Login Module for Drupal 7"
"Glance Ubuntu Packaging Mirror"
"The sequal to the best worst game ever."
"iOS App"
"Web::Hippie long-poll client for ActionScript3"
"my config"
"guassian adaptiation"
"My blog"
"fixes imports and other API differences between Richfaces Selenium and Arquillian Ajocado"
"Library to compare json-object and to discover the differences"
""
"[ www.sciencehackday.or.ke ] A Website for the Science Hack Day event to be held in Nairobi on the 14th and 15th of April 2012."
"This repository is Japanese translations of W3C CSS specification. "
"Timetraking application"
"Documentation for the Grid'5000 API"
"3rd year project for CASE3"
""
"repository progetti android"
""
"Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale,          longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated      "
""
"Node.js module to list all files in a directory or any subdirectories."
"The LXQt PolicyKit agent"
"""Installs/Configures dnsimple"""
"Aspose.Slides for Java Examples"
"Kujua Lite is a web based SMS data collection and analytics tool focused on community health care workers in rural environments. We help large health organizations collect and analyze data sent from health care workers using ordinary mobile phones."
"Function to generate random gender and ethnicity correct first and/or last names. Names are chosen proportionally based upon their probability of appearing in a large scale data base of real names."
""
"Mybatis migrations plugin to use with Gradle"
"mongo"
"Repository for code of the automated TopTree, TopSkim and Genfastsim production"
"python / twisted diameter stack"
"HTTPS client implementation for httplib and urllib2 based on PyOpenSSL"
"A simple filesystem based python index as an extensible application"
""
"Paquetes, personalizaciones y scripts del MAX Escritorio"
"Ruby JSON-LD reader/writer for RDF.rb"
"Dwolla OAuth2 Strategy for OmniAuth 1.0.  "
"Simple, scaleable carousels for jQuery (MIT)"
"NSFormatter subclass for formatting phone numbers."
"Tools for dealing with APOGEE data"
"Simple no-frills terminal emulator using VTE -- for (x)dwm"
"None"
"the docker swarm running overviewer.org"
"Chrome extension for vk.com that hides unwanted posts."
""
"Gridcentric OpenStack extensions."
"common tests to check for copyright and license notices"
""
"Resize and crop images on the fly"
""
""
"This repo will contain the 3.4 kernel for Sony Xperia MSM8960T devices"
"ncurses based IDE with debugger support"
"slight modification to the $.extend function, that will now merge (aka append arrays) instead of substituting them as index-keyd object"
"A guild-management-system based on WoltLab Community Framework 2.0."
"Modified deluge scheduler plugin with 'force start' support"
"OpenDocument Text to DAISY format"
"Munin plugins to monitor Kannel"
"Seeeduino DS3231 library updated to run with Arduino 1.0 IDE"
"configure for me"
""
"Take a quick system snapshot for later debugging"
"Insert Lorem Ipsum - Sublime Text Plugin"
""
"Circuitscape is a free, open-source program which borrows algorithms from electronic circuit theory to predict patterns of movement, gene flow, and genetic differentiation among plant and animal populations in heterogeneous landscapes. Circuit theory comp"
"fiverr-like web app with rails"
"Parses gpx files generated by gps devices"
""
"Our internal forge system for CMSMS related projects."
"RAPT: Ren'Py Android Packaging Tool"
"Small Python script that takes a list of directories zips them and uploads the zip to a ftp server. Also deleting all zips older than the configured stale option. Thought it could be useful to someone out there."
"Dutch language pack for ProcessWire (2.5+)"
"Django reporting on couchforms! "
""
"Still trying"
"Polyfills forEach for ES6 Map and Set"
""
"Mucking around with post-commit hooks in Git, in part to integrate with JIRA"
""
"Search engine optimization for WordPress/MS and BuddyPress"
"MathLex JavaScript math entry system"
""
"My github homepage"
"A viewlet for Plone that show up a Google Maps using the document location field. Also can handle KML files using related contents."
""
"Simple app to monitor redis queues to make sure they are being processed."
"A PHP library for emitting metrics as JSON"
"Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file."
"A client for the Git Deployer Server"
"Air Kernel for Nexus 4 (Mako)"
"Library for standalone access to tracked messages and properties in BizTalk tracking databases"
"This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho"
"Basic tab separated/delimited import function for Wakanda"
""
"International Classification of Diseases (ICD)"
"A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary."
"A web-based CTS2 editor based on the CTS2 REST service."
""
"Movie recommendation webapp"
""
"ActiveRecord Restrictors"
"Visit the website for more info: "
""
""
"Link Aggregator"
"Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries"
"Sandbox for PHP/Zend application."
"My vim's configuration in Windows 8"
""
"Website with information about myself"
"simple script to generate an ical/ics file of road cyling events in 2012 "
""
"Tempi is a dataflow programming C++ library aimed at multimodal sampling."
"Store JSON data into HDFS"
"My ~/.vimrc directory"
""
"Share my home-directory items"
"Capify testing"
"Applications of spectral graph theory to ML / RL."
"A simple dispatch server. Allows one server to trigger defined code to run on another."
""
""
""
"Attempts to find cheaper alternatives to tracks on electronic dance music stores"
"salicio"
"config files"
"private stuff for test, temp storage"
"java based postgis visualisation engine"
""
""
""
"My VIM dot files"
"AI android app"
"Diskmaster's Portage Overlay"
"Portlet waiting for an external link displayed using oembed/embedly"
"Making markdown text files pretty. This is pretty much a clone of https://github.com/sanand0/markdress so the credit should go to him. I was surprised at how easy it was to implement in node."
"Theme drupal pour CG - D6"
"Static conde analys tasks"
""
""
"Downloads and installs File Protector from www.card.infocamere.it."
""
"Linked Data Application Builder"
"Various Rakefiles"
"My dotfiles"
"Some of those CLI Tools"
""
"Run by sailoR"
""
"Python code to experiment with the ""travelling salesman problem."""
""
"Experimental: A game of trust and betrayal"
"metabolomic website interface"
"Collection of shell scripts to provide extra nifty features for client side subversion usage."
"the first app for ruby on rails tutorial"
""
""
"Our Jekyll-powered Home page"
"little bokkas repository"
"Projekt na Rospoznawanie Obrazu AGH Krakow 2011/12"
"Contains my SharePoint/Silverlight controls etc."
"An XSLT-based visualizer for CMLComp documents"
""
"Solve a Picross puzzle for the DS using a webcam"
""
"Variational Monte Carlo Code. Will add: MPI, Importance sampling, Jastrow factor."
""
"Keeps dot files under version control"
"OnlyInHunt site rework"
"Repository for a personal homepage"
"Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code."
"Provides user authentication with Google, Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo and LinkedIn via OAuth or OAuth2 as well as multifactor authentication with Google Authenticator"
"PIratebay SHell Utility"
"grails application for the storage of a/v metadata"
"My solutions to 99 problems in haskell and clojure"
"my micro-kernel"
""
""
""
"My Site@GitHub"
"my personal runcom files"
""
"A Project that creates virtual queues (wait lines)"
""
"The beginnings of a project."
"Fit reinforcement learning models to behavioral data"
"Simulate fMRI data and statistical analyses."
"Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application"
"Various tools and configs usable for OpenIndiana mirrors"
"Paper for Principles of Object Oriented Languages"
"KIbo CMS"
""
"My dotfiles"
"mainly used as Maven repository"
""
"tracker that tracks trackable things"
"A pomodoro app for the team."
"mysql-proxy-xp"
"Groovy program to convert the w3c tracker tool xml to a disposition of comments."
""
""
"Conference management panel"
""
"AA Summer 2012 Assignment"
"Stuff which I collect and use in daily basis and not related to any specific projects"
""
"temporary github pages experiment"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
""
"Mechanism to crop the pix-area from pixed images"
""
"Exmample REST server with file upload"
""
""
"Grails plugin created with the purpose of realizing simple excel imports (2003 and 2007 workbooks)"
"My personnal .dotfiles and other config stuff."
""
"Debian package of MessagePack-RPC C++"
"My university project on a GPS iphone application"
"An android application that calculates the percentage of alcohol in your blood stream."
"Small examples written in lua"
""
"Used for exploring the use of Clojure for developing Android applications"
"Personal stuff, scripts and init files"
"A bare cytoplasm blog, with no posts and a minimal configuration."
""
""
"EPU Management"
"A set of utilities for the play! framework"
""
"Web API server which expands multiple shortened URLs recursively."
"(obsolete, unmaintained) tsung config generator"
""
""
"My blog/website."
""
""
""
"Java bindings for MEI"
"My emacs configurations"
""
"Miscellaneous codes"
"A little Lua tool working with a DSL for specifying broadly-construed ""checklists"""
"Site for tracking Wizard (or any game) scores over time"
"Bukkit Dispenser Loader plugin"
"CoffeeScript code for example applications of ""Professional XMPP Programming with JavaScript and jQuery"""
"Kupy na uczelnie"
""
"vimrc, bashrc, etc"
"solver for bubble blast 2 game on android"
""
""
"Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk"
""
"sblgnt greek data api written in go"
"octopress"
"Generic test harness for JUnit parameterized tests"
""
"Challenges solved in python (:"
"Simple classes, scripts and functions that I write for Scala"
"Misc. Ruby Benchmarks"
"Geneseo Course Scheduler"
"Vimconfig"
"A bot to go through public github repos, apply universal changes like security fixes, and issue a pull request to pull the changes in. Written in Scala."
""
"Research project implementing a open source DCXP solution for the MediaSence-framework."
"code for USACO"
"Golang Cryptographic Signing package (based on Django 1.4)"
"node.js client for st9"
"personal twit backup website"
"BetAssistant is service for helping in finding better bets."
"Unofficial mirror of the official ffmpegsource repository."
"Vim Configs and Plugins for porting across machines"
"Custom mysql portals for Minecarts.com"
"Use cases for rOpenSci packages"
"FLuent Yadda (Yadda Yadda) - An ambiguous markup language"
""
""
"Small hex-based strategy game"
"[unfinished] Identify and fix missing declarations in ObjC source"
"Joseph Reagle New Media Culture Class"
""
""
""
""
"The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play."
"Python API for accessing Aleph library systems"
"Homepage"
"Regular-expression based command line renaming utility"
"perl script to pair coords from gpx file to an image using the timestamps"
"Analysis code for pimaim MD code"
"On the fly Dependency Injection and caching container"
"Vim config with :boom: and :tada:"
"my dot files"
"Contented aims to be an exceptionally stable and well-tested Rails app to serve as a basis for launching new apps (particularly ones that need content such as a blog, etc.) quickly without having to reinvent the wheel every time."
"Projects for Mobile Computing"
"Bitcoin Paper Wallet Creator"
""
""
"A toy Haskell HTML parser that can pretty-print a well-formed subset of HTML"
"jQueryMobile app to access Xebia blog"
"This is a php command line tool for getting data from www.getclicky.com. It uses the Clicky API and downloads the data in batches."
""
"A functional dispatcher in R to replace S3 and S4"
"Adds the ability to pick group members to the standard Elgg userpicker"
"Simple hash table in C"
"Lookup for vm on TMK"
"useful functional c# extensions"
"Lisp subset implementation in Perl6 Grammars and Actions"
"WP-projekt"
"my fvwm config"
"Large file storage with Git"
"A dead JavaScript framework I wrote ages ago."
"My emacs config"
""
"tmux configuration"
"Doonan helps you generate CSS presentation code based on json and file inputs."
"Playing with Java on the Cedar Stack"
"Easy Attributes for Ruby"
"AGA Swiss McMahon Pairing"
"ROM Manager Manifest for stock EVO ROMs"
""
"File attachments plugin for Ruby on Rails 3"
"A little perl script I wrote to pull VOB files from dvds"
"Ruby on Rails Sample Application"
"Tools for the role playing games master."
"Rails tutorial project"
""
""
"PalitanLitrato is a name based on the Tagalog words meaning change picture."
""
"Fills in html forms with default values and errors a la htmlfill for Python"
"This is jquery HTML5 Uploader with progressbar, Drag&drop"
"configuration files"
"awesome"
""
""
"Paster template for creating your pycms site"
"Personal home directory configuration files"
"The new version of wikigeolinks, a web application that lets you explore interactively how the georeferenced articles of the Wikipedia are connected. This new version is built with Leaflet."
"Used to track library books"
"Connecting the real world to the digital world.  "
"Plugin to ban a player on death"
""
"Application Management for Steelmesh Dashboard"
"Providing consistent APIs for interacting with your DirecTV Set-Top-Box (STB), because someone had to do it."
"HTTP library"
"software for analyzing motifs in undirected graphs"
"A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality"
"OpenDocument parser for cakePHP 2.xx"
"A set of C++ libraries based on different premises than the STL/Boost libraries"
""
"Science stuff: solution of problems, remarks, articles etc"
"Minify snippet for ModX Evolution"
"LED Word Clock (Mar 2012)"
"A Gravity Force / Turbo Raketti / Thrust game clone and platform"
"Modelling flat mechanisms (java version)"
"Web pages for Openwsman"
"Libraries for Qpid C++ client applications"
"Standalone mobility classifier"
"Plugin for chat adminf of Tlen.pl a Polish - wide Instant Messenger"
"...sandbox playground test learn error try"
"Interactive map of trails accessible by SmartTrails API"
"a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia."
"Emacs epkg (3rd party)"
""
"Adapter for MDI Achieve REPS Leads"
"set of scripts to install development software on to a vanilla Ubuntu installation"
""
"Core repository for Backbone Boilerplate."
""
"Haskell bindings to the HLA 1.3 RTI interface (supports 1.3NG and DLC APIs)"
"OpenLayers Architect"
"semestral project"
"just a simple blog with translations for the django-cms"
"GitHub pages repo"
""
""
"Simple finite state machines in Python"
"Simplistic memory-only sync adapter for Backbone. It's a drop-in replacement for Backbone.Sync() to handle saving to memory.  Use for testing or volatile data that need no persistence."
"(Brightcove) Cookies the user's volume preference and uses that when they return to the player."
""
"Figure out where the nearest snowpocalypse, rainpocalypse, or earthquakepocalypse is happening near you."
""
""
"CustomEvent is a library for progamming JavaScript in an event-driven manner."
"Ranking of the comentators on telestrekoza"
"Synaptics RMI4 Linux bus structure"
"A small collection of utility classes for Java."
"Solutions for USACO training problems."
"A home automation- and control system accessible via phone (DTMF)."
""
"Gaelyk plugin implementing a reusable administration interface to browse datastore entities"
""
"Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed"
"Personal Vim plugin extension"
"Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync"
""
"IRC java bot in use on AndIRC"
"Emacs configuration"
"Device files for Google Galaxy Nexus (GSM)"
"openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950"
"Fork of pydot r29 from pydot.googlecode.com, to fix requirements in pydot 1.0.28"
"Code for Princeton Class websites."
""
"My C learning notes"
"A Google Appengine project template using zc.buildout"
"Track stats in realtime. The future of GLtail. Don't front."
"A Fake Android Camera That Generates Images Algorthimically"
"Custom github pages for Windgazer"
"A collection of scripts and configurations to customize the bash environment."
"A polite little ORM for Laravel."
"First Repo"
"script to search and find potential jobs"
""
""
"This is a cancer knowledge base system"
"PHP API for PowerSchool"
""
"Game/application that simulates the stock market that I'm making in my spare time."
"GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)"
""
"WeightWatch - A Windows Phone Application"
""
"Chris Johnson's HTML project template"
"Guilded is a framework for building web based components centered around current web standards and best practices."
"A Red Black Tree Implementation in Java"
""
""
"conftemplate for apache solr & drupal. apachesolr-7.x-1.0-beta13"
""
""
"CMSC 23300 - Networks and Distributed Systems"
"Fur Bussiness"
"A jQuery plugin for displaying a favicon on links."
"Library to simplify remote controller actions invocation."
"Bin-Build is a small shell script to simplify compiling source file in C, C++ and Objective-C."
"Fixed-Interval Byte Reversal Encoding."
"EGPack is an archive utility, similar to the TAR utility."
"Huffman compression utility."
"EOS Source Kit Language - A mysterious, but useful C code, for i386 and ARM architectures."
"An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained."
"My Emacs config"
"A very small Mac OS X application testing the CPU for 64 bits capabilities."
"The Puuublic project source code (puuublic.com)"
"360 Wordpress Plugin"
""
"A Rails application for tracking my banknote collection."
"Write HTML with JSON notation."
""
"my dotfile configurations"
"Utility classes for force.com apex I've collected."
""
"Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP."
"Simple build system in GNU make macros"
"my seo utils"
"My dotfiles"
""
"pure data external to synthesize text to an array with espeak library"
"A robust database abstraction layer"
""
""
"jQueryWrapper for XSLT Processor"
"What the css"
"A PHP RCON wrapper for controlling BF2 servers"
"Insert, Retrieve, Update and Delete data from SQLite database in Android"
"quick wiki app"
"Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places."
"Decorate product pages on amazon.co.uk with the equivilent irish price. This price will be in euro and include the Irish VAT rate where applicable."
"A small utility for working with cookies."
"Demonstration C++ module for ProFTPD"
"Lemonasso ideas factory"
"Phone Provisioner"
"DES algorithm in C"
"Mirror of git://git.sv.gnu.org/inetutils.git"
"Simple documentation generation for Brat"
"Mirror of https://git.netfilter.org/libnetfilter_log"
"A simple multi-threaded Python application to download images from a thread on 4chan."
"libomegle is a little C++ (or python with provided bindings) library for interfacing with the 'Omegle' random-pairing instant messaging service."
"CrossListView is android utility with ability to provide cross-off/on on list items with gesture."
"some code for avr/atmega microcontrollers"
"A Moodle block that allows for quick downloading of PDF rollsheets"
"Lectures for MAE 288A: Optimal Control at UCSD, Professor: William McEneaney"
""
"Plot tcptrace data"
"various pieces of code used by many of my projects"
"A simple tetris-like game in Haskell"
"Programa simple de redes neuronales para java"
""
"project with pretty damn self-descriptive name"
"my githubpages"
"Global food waste infographic."
":computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:"
""
"Takes a POM, a binary JAR, a sources JAR, an optional javadoc JAR, and generates from them a bundle which can be uploaded to Maven Central."
"Facebook's debug.js (what gets minified into sdk.js), updated every 10 minutes"
"JRuby desktop application for managing, manipulating and transforming data assets"
""
"Google closure linter for javascript"
"algorithm around tree traverse"
""
"My personal fork of the SHRINE project located at: http://catalyst.harvard.edu/services/shrine/"
"GNU Aspell is an Open Source spell checker"
"HyperDB is an advanced database class that supports replication, failover, load balancing, and partitioning."
"ex.ua API"
""
""
"Hardly blogging"
"Put together outfits using Etsy listings"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"An old Client-Server messaging program I made in highschool. I'm keeping this for nostalgia."
"Vim Config for C and C++"
""
"Billund addon modules."
"Simple ADC debugger for ATmega328p"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"wiselib RPL and wiselib improved RPL"
"PHP Framework"
"3D mechanical solid modeling design software"
"My Blog"
"Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form"
"An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project"
"Root and install custom recoveries on the LG Optimus S (LS670 ZVD)"
"Collaborative Storytelling"
"Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/"
""
"MC HCK board schematic and layout"
"Port of xbill game to JavaScript"
"Tuned wakaba imageboard script with fastcgi support"
""
"netfilter userspace packet logging library"
"hold my dotfiles here"
"Supporting the original Team Fortress mod for today's remaining players."
""
"Administration tools for Galette"
"Novabuild is a build system used by Be IP to generate Debian (.deb) packages out of upstream tarballs or repositories and a separate repository of 'debian/' directories."
"Website and blog for BeatleTech"
"Various tools for working with SymPy's Google Code issues."
"CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests"
"Enhances your ActiveRecord model to export its data to a sitemap in an intuitive way"
"Facebook sdk php modificado"
"Simple SilverStripe module for managing liks to pages not part of the normal menus - such as link in the footer or header"
"A program which allows several people to queue music to a single computer for use on example LAN parties or at the office."
""
"shell script for compiling LaTeX files"
"Split from cookbooks-heavywater; DO NOT USE as is (will be replaced with proper fork or retired)"
"Radio propagation prediction and simulation tool for VHF-UHF "
"Macros for Microsoft Office"
"Accounting system prototype with play framework"
"PHP gallery, sans SQL"
"A realtime chat application made with WebSocket."
""
"Enhances the PuTTY's features, can support stop/start/find for serial, and support adb(android debug bridge)"
"DNSSEC smartcard utility"
"SQL Map is a (very) simple SQL mapper. Most suitable for daemon development or Android stuff."
"SnapLogic Livetrial Controller"
"API to Manage Cloud Servers in Rackspace"
""
"Controle financeiro pessoal"
"Search ADS for author:year citations using a single query"
"LG G2 Kernel"
"allows an active record association to be used as a hash of string keys and values"
"Code for rendering my digital art"
"Attempt at an OpenSCAD model of an Aurora-class Star Fury"
"Migrates a b2evolution blog to WordPress"
"It's binary clock on python and pygame."
"FatBox CORE API Client"
"The WebDriver API and wire protocol"
"Webdriver/Selenium 2.0 JavaScript bindings for Node.js"
"AssetGraph-based build system for web apps and web pages."
"Go Relational Persistence - an ORM-ish library for Go"
"The neutrino programming language"
"Build and Analyze Spectral Energy Distributions in the Virtual Observatory"
"Crosswalk for Tizen project"
"The Artsy Engineering Open-Source Developers Blog"
"Rails form builder that creates Bootstrap style forms"
"The MQTT client for Node.js and the browser"
""
"Java MQTT lightweight broker"
" Warewolf  Easy Service Bus (ESB) is used for designing, orchestrating and implementing communication between software applications. It handles messaging, routing, and service co-ordination in a SOA framework. It's 100% open source and free. This reposito"
"Adds all required Fedora objects to allow users to ingest and retrieve web archives through the Islandora interface."
"odoo afr module"
"[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next"
"A portal mod for Simple Machines Forum"
""
"Chef cookbook for rbenv. Manages rbenv and its installed rubies. Several LWRPs are also defined."
"Installer branch for the Sahana Vesuvius People Locator by the Sahana Software Foundation"
""
"AuthN signing and verification.  Appears in both the client and server"
"A pretty-printing library for laying out text in two dimensions, using a simple box model."
""
""
"A collection of officially supporter ConDep operations."
"An ini parser/serializer in JavaScript"
"Friday Film Club app"
"Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)"
"An introduction to Energy Transition, and the Theia front-end"
"A JavaScript library that makes observing changes to the DOM easy"
"Regular expression linter"
"remotecv is an OpenCV server for facial and feature recognition."
"A utility that reminds your android app's users to review the app.  Port of iOS appirater with additional features for Android. "
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/pyvtk"
"Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) / Super Famicom emulator (based on SNES9X) for iOS (iPhone/iPad)"
"Kernel source code for Asus flo/deb (2013 Nexus 7 - wifi and 3G)"
""
"Turning Nginx into a Full-Fledged Scriptable Web Platform"
""
"Simple MailChimp Integration for SilverStripe"
""
"Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results"
"rsatool can be used to calculate RSA and RSA-CRT parameters"
""
"NBi is a testing framework (add-on to NUnit) for Microsoft Business Intelligence platform and Data Access. The main goal of this framework is to let users create tests with a declarative approach based on an Xml syntax. By the means of NBi, you don't need"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Akeeba Live Update - A better live update system for Joomla! components which supports commercial extensions and works on shared hosts without timeouts"
"A lightly tweaked stock kernel for Nexus 7 2012 (grouper/tilapia) devices"
"Flash/Actionscript Grid-based collision detection example, runs on HTML page"
"jQuery Mobile for Rails 3/4 Asset Pipeline"
"Sinatra::Mapping extension is a minimal module that is useful for create map names for Sinatra web application."
""
"Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp"
"A metagenomic and isolate assembly and analysis pipeline built with AMOS"
"API Smith makes building structured API clients even simpler."
"send SMS and Twitter ruby script"
""
"None"
"4.4.2 Google Play Edition kernel"
"Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools"
"Create a recurring date and query it to see if it lands on a particular date."
"Conduit interface for cryptographic operations (from crypto-api)."
"gem for rails provides wysiwyg editor and elfinder file manager"
"Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git."
"Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/wizard_helper provided by hubdrop."
"Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support."
"freeorion svn mirror"
""
""
"This is a plugin for tshock"
"my things"
"Using Box2d physics engine and PID controller, have a little craft go where you click it whilst hovering against gravity."
"nfo files and rename scripts for Chaos Communication Congress recordings so XBMC can add them as a show"
"Chef knife plug-in for Eucalyptus"
"Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary"
"Rack Middleware that plugs into r509-ca-http and records the validity status of issued certificates to a Redis database."
"Quickly find out which JS framework the current website is using"
"Smart cache preloader for websites with XML sitemaps"
"A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site."
"TranscriberAG Debian package files"
"a simple spread-spectrum based informed watermarking implementation in MATLAB"
""
"Ontology Completion Library"
""
"A command line for rolling large and complex sets of dice for RPGs. Not yet implemented, do not use."
"Shell Programs for C"
""
"General Input Interface library fo LibGGI"
"Object Relational Mapper for structured data encoded with Google's Protocol Buffers"
"An installation created in collaboration with Thomas Lock and Robin Rimbaud (Scanner)"
"Fork of https://code.google.com/p/cssjanus/ with modifications required by Khan Academy."
""
"Python script that scrapes list of all camera models from Flickr.com"
""
"Rails website that breaks down federal government spending"
""
"Port from TestUnit to RSpec"
"This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/"
"github kzakza pages"
"Utility code for for AVR app development, generally tailored for the Teensy "
""
"A better stdlibrary for FileSystem resources"
"A picturme version made in RoR"
"Just like a doodle but for pizzas"
"Linux distribution build system"
"A proof-of-concept job board written in Python using the Flask framework, mongoengine and hosted on Heroku"
"Content provider instructions to access the feeds and items provided by the News Reader application for WIMM, an android powered smartwatch"
"Simple library for parsing VLBI Data Interchange Format (VDIF) packets."
"Working through some stuff in Haskell. Dangerously close to writing my own monad tutorial. They're like a burrito, man."
"A Harvest app that lets you easily email your timesheet"
"A parallel linear program solver."
"OSU MVAPICH2 MPI package"
""
"Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/panels_tabs provided by hubdrop."
"A chat that mimics hacker movies chatrooms, where each character typed instantaneously appears on the other peers screen."
"Misc configs to save my sanity"
"pyBusPirateLite"
""
"A Dirty FreeImage Patch For sIBL_GUI."
"Logging made easy"
"Proyecto 3 de Graficas I"
"access rights to projects (not only public-non-public)"
"revisiting implicits specs"
"A very simple concurrent id generater"
"A non_blocking_lock implementation for ActiveRecord adapters (well, just mysql2, at the moment). This is just a quick and dirty extraction due to the Rails 3.2 deprecation of vendor/plugins. README/tests/etc coming later."
"Mixture summary method for multiple imputation"
"Multivariate regression with covariance estimation"
"Exemplar data sets for SGP analyses"
"Computation and estimation of reliability of stress-strength"
"R facilities to read XML schema"
"The package can implement the graph-based reconstruction and"
"OpenCPU Demo apps."
"Aplikasi Pemesanan Buku"
"This module integrates Apache Nutch crawler as alternative search engine in Jahia."
"X.Org Client side font rendering library"
"A HTML5 Canvas rewrite of the open source Project Starfighter game"
"Pathogen plugin for openscad syntax highlighting"
"OpenStack nova with backports for Essex"
"Just a little Galaga clone written in Java."
"heaper, an advanced heap analysis plugin for Immunity Debugger "
"An extensible IRC bot written in Python. Mostly functions as a testing ground for playing with Python."
"Environment Configureations"
"Test Data for Minecraft Overviewer"
""
"test for freeing memory in LLVM JIT"
"Drumpad instrument for mobile device"
"Navigate the web via your gamepad"
"Software that drives an embedded serial servo controller."
"svg-test"
"This mirror is not being updated, and will be deleted."
"A directory of XML dialects and their namespaces."
"app-svc"
"LiquidKernel for HTC One M8 (2014)"
"my project euler stuff"
"The AgileReview Code Review Plugin for the Eclipse IDE. NOT STABLE!"
"Diablo III R&D"
"test repo"
"Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin to compress HTML/XML files."
"Packaging for lxml"
"Pull OpenSecrets.org campaign finance info into MySQL"
"Some posts in Russian"
"""Alien Pong"" OpenGL Pong game."
"Keep track of things you want to get done."
""
"XNA real time strategy game with era system and multiplayer support."
"Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/mfc_canonical/. Updated daily with svn2git."
"node.js based OSC Router app."
"A text based game for a Dream In Code competition."
"Microcontroller Library for LPC2xxx Chips (presently LPC2101/2/3,LPC2104/5/6,LPC2131/2/4/6/8 supported)"
""
"This REPOSITARY IS ABONDONED. "
""
"3D game application using Android port of JPCT rendering library"
"An Arch Linux package for the stopmotion project"
"Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate"
"solver for bubble blast 2 game on android"
"Tree Producer for H+ analysis package "
"Tutorial at Mozilla Python Meetup"
"Testing application"
""
"SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)"
"This library is a lua client for SC-Server. It is a simple client that implements most of the interface of SC-Server."
""
"A HTML Remote for Kathrein UFS Receiver"
"The theme around Data Services are to expose existing Spring Data functionality to the web. The 'web' here is primarily focused on support to access data from traditional browsers as well as mobile clients. It also will explore the interaction of messagin"
""
"sqlite3 port for FeOS"
"Checks a wikipedia article's Munroe Score in accordance with Munroe's Law"
""
""
"Swan setup for tutorial"
""
"Development standards documents"
"Github mirror of ""operations/debs/python-phabricator"" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing"
"XNA port of Adam Atomic's flixel"
"Unofficial GnuTLS with added custom native Visual Studio project build tools. GnuTLS: GnuTLS is a secure communications library implementing the SSL, TLS and DTLS protocols and technologies around them."
"A collection of practice exams for exams in core curriculum CS courses at RIT."
"N-Body simulation in linearithmic time"
"Freifunk KBU information page"
"My codes for SICP"
"Simple, tree-structured configuration file parser"
"SDSC mono roll"
"Zend Framework 1 external external library for public sites (Klear based sites)"
"GNOME 3 extension to create a new application instance with the wheel button."
""
"Listen for SMTP traffic and send it to an MTA script"
"The slave-side of the marrow.monitor server monitoring solution."
"PAM module for authentication against CouchDB"
"SortAlgorithms java"
""
""
""
"WoW Addon - Allows you to choose a colour shader which best suits your type of colourblindness."
"A webgl wavefronts visualizer."
"Code we wrote at Friendzy to do fast geospatial lookups on App Engine."
"A pre-configured scripting client environment for the WISEBED experimentation facilities based on the BeanShell Java interpreter"
"Read-only release history for Labyrinth-Plugin-Album"
"Read-only release history for XML-LibXML-QuerySelector"
"A fam implementation"
""
""
""
"A wicked fast and robust AS3 library for playing Animated GIFs in Flash."
"Admin UI to allow the removal of sample / test data."
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
"a site"
"Android Web Browser (Fusion)"
"METIS - Serial Graph Partitioning and Fill-reducing Matrix Ordering"
""
"an app to add talks for different events"
"ghc in-progress"
"A minor mode for octave which highlights ""echoing"" lines"
"On-the-fly documentation"
""
"Collection of packages about HTML/XML tags."
""
"A user friendly IRC Client for KDE"
""
"Furnace Kernel for LG G3"
""
"moodlamp that changes its color to different gender speech (attiny85 with arduino libs)"
"(Temporary) Maven Repository"
""
"Read-only release history for Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-Legal"
""
"Apache Falcon"
"Version UTF-8 de fab"
""
""
"Test"
""
"Simple game of Connect Four in javascript using the Canvas API."
""
""
"RingStar_new"
"FG Aircraft  | Etrich-Taube by Helijah"
"PEDSIM is a microscopic pedestrian crowd simulation system. It is suitable for use in crowd simulations (e.g. indoor evacuation simulation, large scale outdoor simulations), where quantitative measurements like pedestrian density or evacuation time matter"
""
"Simplistic Jail plugin for Bukkit"
"Plugin for Data::Validate:WithYAML to validate email addresses."
"Get daily news on my kindle"
"Repository of Richard Bird's problems with quickcheck properties."
"Ban a player from the server when they die"
""
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/drh-horology"
"A content slider module for Contao CMS using StoutLabs JS Slider"
"OCCI gateway DLL for mingw32 (and possibly other compilers too actually)"
"A 3D media timeline using web gl, more of a learning exercise for me."
"This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion
  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live
  tracking data"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/search-url-swing-nb-app"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/xenoborg"
"GitHub user page"
"Python HPC control for running PhoSim"
""
"lana's website"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/optflowb"
""
"Authentication demo for Android clients"
"Password module used in the auth-client-demo"
"Authentication library used in the auth-client-demo"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/remotedroid"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/subgadget"
"Project Euler problems solved in Python/Haskell."
""
"  Language files for modest"
"Written in Prolog :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/poddavki"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/orzoj.server-judge"
""
"Files for packaging tpfanco-admin for different GNU/Linux distributions"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/droidwall"
""
"ccrawler: a web crawler with eventlet"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Student Psychological Treatment System"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/claroline-rest-api"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/wminet"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/repastcity"
""
""
"RapidMiner Extension for Anomaly Detection"
"Linux Kernel for Motorola Styx 3G"
"My usercode area"
"My entry to Ludum Dare 22"
"A quick script to take hourly, daily, monthly, weekly, yearly snapshots on a ZFS filesystem"
""
""
"Presentation on automated testing on mobile platforms"
""
"Random text generation using ngram probabilities"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/hello-world-channel-alfresco"
"web application for ekikara2oudia on GAE"
""
""
"A simple implementation of gradient descent in c++"
""
"Poopie Wars! (an embarrassing Asteroids clone)"
"Another useless Java based IRC bot"
"Chinese Polar Races - Learn Mandarin with audio, characters and Pinyin in this flashcard type game"
"Topic content type (canned searches) for the Zope Content Management Framework (CMF)"
"Opens youtube URLs in ProTube app instead of YouTube app."
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/node3d"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/giseminar"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/droidwall"
"Go Game Kifu Viewer for PocketBook ebook readers"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/caffsec-malware-analysis"
"the library for eclipse project using arduino Mega2560"
"Use haml2erb gem to compile haml to ERB with guard"
"Taxi Management System"
"An Uru age database API and web tool"
"Aperture Flickr sync"
"testing, will be removed in a moment"
"Configuration for Awesome window manager"
""
""
""
"Cygwin GeoIP-database packaging"
"A bootstrap file for an AWS AMI (should work for Cent OS as well)."
""
""
""
""
"This is a toy shell that a made for one of my operating systems courses."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Past & present copies of my CV"
""
"my own fork version of libnetfilter_queue."
""
"An ancient MS-DOS app written in Clipper 5.2 to manage competitive swimming events"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Manipulate hashes map like"
"Personal configuration for my Arch Linux system"
"(NOT STARTED) Yet Another (probably) Album art fetching tool"
"Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend."
"Shell and Editor configuration files"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/qqwry"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/bencos"
"Anurag"
"iyanski's page"
"The Oxygen font family. A desktop/gui font family for integrated use with the KDE desktop."
"Bootloader for JSR D9 (msm8625)"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/node3d"
"Python Speex"
"Put something, some short code, some little scripts, some little tools."
"Mentees will fork this repository and submit pull requests when they need help."
"A Blend of Javascript MVC and PHP Web Application Building framework "
""
""
""
"Demonstration of cross-process OpenGL rendering on Android in C++"
"A shared space for working on an open standard around food and food business related data."
"Octopress Aside for Last.FM"
""
"Facebook Hiring Test - Ribosome"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/gotypo3"
""
""
"Prints a list of anagrams for a given letter set, either in the console or via the web."
"a C++ deep learning framework based on cuv, with python bindings"
""
""
""
"The fastest way to access your Xecrets"
""
""
" Web frontend for MPD and Mopidy "
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/runexe"
"Simple-to-use C/C++ library to play PC-98 PMD chiptunes"
"KitKat, Lollipop, MM"
"Debian package for klatexformula"
"a just in time datasource for Mapnik"
"DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS"
"TukUI skin for NugRunning"
""
"Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone"
"mvc project with movies management "
"Bubbles that do text and image transfer things."
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/powtils"
"App to display and allow downloads from RootzWiki forum OPs"
"A tool to assist in the publication of biodiversity data"
"spirit2json is an attempt at a standards-compliant json parser/generator written in C++ using Boost Spirit 2"
"Smart Factory"
""
""
"BBCWST FLW training course - mobile call flow"
""
"Minecraft client in C#"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/fb2mobi"
"Multicast Tester"
"Repository used as support for my studies about MVC with Hibernate and JSF, based on the book Caelum FJ-26"
""
"Cygwin nginx packaging"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/grails-activiti-plugin"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/my-hotel"
""
""
"Pedantically set music filename, metadata and volume normalisation"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/scapy-gui-ipv6"
"libabc: skeleton userspace library. http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/libabc.html"
"Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp"
"Java bindings for libfreetype2 using JNA"
"simple project"
""
""
"SimpleOCL is an embeddable OCL implementation"
"scripts and dotfiles"
"A library of general-use Fortran 2003 routines used in many NWTC computer-aided engineering tools"
""
"Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu"
"Cygwin gnome-paint packaging"
"A MIDI controlled monophonic synthesizer based around the LPCXpresso 1768"
""
"D package manager, based on node's npm"
"A distributed data scraper for consuming Blizzard's WoW API"
"libdvbcsa - free"
""
""
"FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer"
"Official Girl Develop It Core Intermediate HTML/CSS curriculum with modifications for GDI Chicago."
"6.824 - Spring 2013 Labs"
"Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki"
""
"testing a submotdule"
"Intuitionistic Propositional Calculus"
"Turn documents into texts"
"Go implementation of app.net API"
"A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem."
"Lein plugin to run launch4j as part of your clojure build"
"Wordpress music web site."
"Android sound wave"
"An implementation of a trie in C."
"Test repo for testing gerrit replication"
""
""
""
"collection of resources related to design and user experience"
"A hook/filter system(Similiar to word press hooks/filters). Useful for creating plugins as an example."
"Automation of PowerPoint to convert files"
"A full featured php form"
"for ios app"
"treehouse"
"Wordpress theme for S2A website"
"Library Catalog Hierarchy Access Retrieval and Manipulation System"
"a comic cross-platform pet simulator game using PlayN + Lua"
"testing tool for JAXB bug in JDK"
"console.log in IE7"
"portable lightweight beat detector"
"Demo of grails-cookie plugin"
"Cardboard boxes... in Minecraft!"
"Galera Cluster documentation"
""
"Python scripts for generating a bilingual dictionary from a wikipedia dump file."
""
""
"A statically-routed event framework for servers"
"Zone file based multicast DNS Server"
""
"Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework"
"A Rise of The Triad port based off of Icculus' port. (Linux RoTT)"
"My attempt at a Github page"
"my personal website"
"Rails gem to validate format of various world postal codes, and more"
"Carousel portlet for WCC"
""
"BoomCMS is an easy to use CMS released under the MIT license. The core code is available here as a Laravel package."
""
"first repo."
"white elephant helper"
"Simple Scripting Language, based on Javascript"
""
""
"This is a test to work on repo configurations"
""
"The official home of the LibVMI project is at https://github.com/libvmi/libvmi."
"A simple HL7 suite for Erlang."
"A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode"
"Simple ToDo Application using Google App Engine"
"Clean Installer for Mac OS X"
"A 3D first person environment demo"
""
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Free memory on mac"
"collection of scripts for personal use!"
""
"interactive treemap with text or image content"
""
"My first project"
"A simple but expressive future library for Caterwaul"
"emf-tutorial"
"pascal program sources"
"ClojureScript promises for Node"
""
""
"Flash2PHP provide a really simple way of connecting a client app with a server side. "
"Send mention about each pushed commits to specified twitter user."
"Perl module - Subclass of Log::Dispatch::Email that uses Email::Sender"
"C# application that analyses packets captured from network using libpcap/WinPcap"
"A Java web knocking tool for sending a single HTTP/S request to your web server in order to authorise the execution of a premeditated Operating System (O/S) command."
"N915S_goodHanrry_kernel"
"MobileApp code"
"A script to convert SVG files to Raphael JS."
"My first foray into C++ programming"
"dotfiles"
""
"Text and Glory"
"Libraries to provide Real Time Communications via the web"
""
"Post vB style quotes within MyBB."
""
" Basic functions for handling mime-types in Erlang, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Java"
"cacheOptimizer for MODX Revolution allow to disable resource map generation for context"
""
"Node library for interfacing with Api Axle"
"This is a chrome extension for Google chrome. Currently when in edit mode, events title and description are always written in LeftToRight. This extension displays Google Calender events in RightToLeft when the event is in edit mode. This extension is tota"
"PHP runtime & extensions header files for PhpStorm"
"A gem to automate builds & deploys for Android, iOS and web apps"
""
""
""
"We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark"
"Math Quiz is a simple fun game for those who want to improve their Math skills. This application is targeted to toddlers, babies, young people and those who want to try it out. As of now, this project is just simple but with everybody's collaboration, thi"
"Random useful scripts I carry around with me"
"ECHOE FORUM: www.echoerom.com"
"Mod ID (FFACE Ver)"
"Gateway for AMF clients to services that only converse in JSON"
""
""
"A public API to help answer common questions. Christmas, 2012.  "
"Freehand Paint for Android"
"PEJS plugin for root"
"Just my useful scripts"
"Bug fix release.  Supersedes 6.0.0."
"Top secret and things"
"Entity Framework graph merge extension method"
"Cross-thread, cross-process synchronisation made tolerably easy"
""
""
""
"A C# based app to control Sonos Devices"
""
"Demo benchmark for QSO/QSL evaluation vs ARRL's LOTW"
"Calendar Model Class for perl"
"HELO (HypothEsis and Law Ontology) as described in the paper ""Representation of probabilistic scientific knowledge"""
"Lakeland Website"
""
""
""
"Software Architecture"
""
"Just an essentials for working with promises"
""
"C++ framework for json-rpc (json remote procedure call)"
""
""
"Simple and stupid byte-format reading DSL."
"Audiobook Publisher"
"Selenium-based bot to play Pokemon Showdown."
""
""
""
"Test, no actual code here."
""
""
"ASS font collector"
"AGL is not another Game Library"
"Simple web problem that reads RSS feeds and combines them into one RSS feed. Also supports simple HTML rendering of the generated RSS feed."
""
""
"automated build environment for n3phele"
"A plugin for wordpress to show videos with Flowplayer5"
"Progress Android App"
""
"Create a pragmatic debian package for jboss as."
"The Hacker News API that you can GET (and POST)"
"This is the Public Repository for the OneGameAMonth Challenge, this is the January Release! "
" A simple tool for storing your Instapaper articles offline in PDF written in Bash. "
"OpenRecovery Chinese edition for XT701"
""
"a github commit based updatechecker for computercraft"
"gkwelding.github.com"
"An unofficial list of papers accepted to POPL 2013."
""
"Translates the JSON API data into C# workable data."
"Solr stemmer that uses pymorphy2 dictionaries"
"base"
"A python script that solves sudoku puzzles"
"GUI for world.conditions table for TrinityCore"
"Help for Astrometry.net: Issue tracking and the Missing Manual"
"boxes and stuff for my favorite board game"
"The thumbnail generator app for ownCloud"
""
""
""
"VolumeButtons"
"FRC Team 612 robot code, 2013 competition"
"Fulltext search plugin for mongoose & mongodb"
""
""
""
"3D scene creation engine"
""
"Nagios Plugins"
"logging server for concurrent writing"
"Binary downloads for the RepDev IDE"
"MercyKillers Wasteland edit"
""
"Ruby XMPP Chat Bot for PartyChat Rooms"
"Not just the fastest Admin finder"
""
"Mail Merge Application"
"Interpreter of the Skriv Markup Language."
"jQuery based tool to sort items into containers with some additional bells and whistles to make the whole process smoother and more intuitive"
"A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)"
"An Arduino-based differential solar controller.  Hardware, Firmware, and Software."
"Attempt to chef-ize twistd services"
"Online Learning Platform"
"learning to code a drupal module"
""
"A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see."
""
"A simple JavaScript SHMUP engine"
""
""
":cookie: TIME CAPSULE: A game prototype from 2007 by @jhawthorn and @jarednorman"
"XBMC 12 addon to sync XBMC and trakt.tv"
"Completely rebuilt and restructured Demigods to improve future workflow."
"A game of Alien Dice!!"
"Calculus functions in Julia"
""
"Erlang library to manipulate nested (jsx style) data."
""
"mirror of git://git.p.engu.in/laurentb/brutha"
""
"Meteor Smart Package - Latest versions of animate.css, Bootstrap, and Font-Awesome"
""
"An extension to display histograms for images"
"PegLite implementation for Ruby"
"DLLs generated from the framework WSDL files to connect to the openengsb from the c# bridge"
"Simple calculator with fltk lib"
"smsplus"
"Website for Pyladies PDX hosted on Github"
"desktop (growl) / mobile (prowl) new mail notification for your outlook web app when stupid company policy disables POP3 / IMAP"
"retailercare"
""
"a simple internet radio twitter bot"
"website"
"A MySQL Query Builder for effortlessly composing SQL statements with support for executing them against databases."
"A project for http://tsujimotter.info/planets/earthClock.html"
"DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!"
""
""
"PhoneGap project for a mobile application that helps you find the best route, when using TLV telOfan shared bikes project"
""
"Multimedia Fusion 2 extension to create, manipulate and store tile-based data."
"Multimedia Fusion 2 extension for rendering Tile Map data."
"document functions using comments; read them in the REPL"
"2D jQuery based mapping system for games"
"A light-weight test management tool"
"Interactive map for Hacker Beach #1 on Phu Quoc Island, Vietnam"
"Auto-generated sphinix version of the NetworkX website. Since this is an auto-generated directory, please do not submit pull requests against this repository. The actual sources are in the networkx-website repository."
"Simple example using the Guice-Jersey-Jetty-Shiro stack"
"Demo app showing how the Rails CVE-2013-5664 vulnerability works."
""
""
"Perl Devel::NYTProf"
"CoverFlow11"
"A c# library for communicating wit the GE NetworX Alarm System using the NX-584"
"Time Machine is a neat way to visualize the development of a web projected tracked with git."
"Yii extension for sending emails with layouts using PHPMailer"
"Pronamic Feeds allow you to add RSS feeds to your site, that will enable the copying of content from the remote link to your own posts."
"Put my already done scripts here"
"Simple plugin for opening local files with Phonegap for Android"
"A free wunderlist clone"
"A revised version of sig2dot (creating PGP signing web-of-trust-graphics) written in python."
""
"content management system for Johnny Cheeseburger"
"hopefully this will be a the turn-based-inversed-tower-defense-game ;)"
"one_treatment"
"Persistent FFI bindings for using jsUri in Fay"
"Parent repository"
"Tutorials for getting started with Arduino"
"Experiment building Ember.js apps using RailsAPI"
"Robot code for FRC Team 4203"
"Part of the Sparks Framework. A plugin that allows for easy e-commerce development."
"This is my fork, Quark is now at https://github.com/rackerlabs/quark"
"Quartz Composer to JS/WebGL compiler"
"Extending default Yii CClientScript class to use multiple subdomains for assets (scripts and stylesheets)."
"Simple Scheme Interpreter"
"[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support"
"Clean jQuery Mobile theme-pack and theme generator"
"Ruby wrapper for the blink(1) C library"
"Service allow carry on drawing other people's pictures"
"[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars"
"A small sample application showing two different architectures: multi-layer vs flow-design."
"Prototype of a Doom3 Bot which acts as a 'hook dll', similar as HPB bot for Half-Life."
"Breakout / target board for ATtiny4313 family breadboarding"
""
"A simple CMS powered by Google Drive (PHP version)"
"A Ruby on Rails web application for sharing iPhone panorama photos"
""
""
"Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine"
"Zach's IRC bot. Initially designed for OresomeCraft's IRC channels."
"Reversible conversions between types"
"Justly Done - Open Source Productivity"
"Store the world's knowledge in ActiveRecord"
"This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis."
"A slide menu done right for iOS."
""
"PHP micro framework study"
"Image Picker is a simple jQuery plugin that transforms a select element into a more user friendly graphical interface."
""
"Part of the Sparks Framework. A plugin that allows creation and management of upcoming events."
"NuGet addin for MonoDevelop and Xamarin Studio"
"The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API."
"A simple plugin that lets you overwrite who the post author is."
"first-try"
"Normalizer for honeypot data."
"Declarative view technology for Backbone"
"hymnal app"
"A Hailboards 2.0 Theme for phpBB3"
"NodeJS temperature server and logger for DS18B20 digital temperature sensor on the Raspberry Pi"
"This is the official OmniAuth strategy to authenticate with Klarna via OAuth2."
"Command line utility to compile hogan.js templates"
"Flood fill for Canvas"
"The backup repository for the Lootsie Website"
"Restaurant Menu Service"
"Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine"
"GetShopped VIP Support Forums [w/ code fixes]"
""
""
"a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger"
"for iOS - Lion/XCode 4.5.2 version"
"A Ruby-based DSL for generating plausible fake data."
"Work in progress. Cheers."
""
"Former home of phpspec docs - they can now be found in phpspec/phpspec"
" Freehal's Java port - core library"
"IntSeq - Integer Sequence & Transformation library for Scheme"
""
"My hacky projecteuler.net solutions"
"G9250_goodhanrry_kernel"
"Package manager for the Nimrod programming language."
""
"A simple swing GUI or console app for creating random, balanced groups of students"
"Mako based template preproccessor to produce html5boilerplate compliant templates, also includes some small asset management functionality."
"Easier test writing for C/C++"
"A parallel wrapper for 'ghc --make'."
"wrapper library for the functionality offered by ptrace. features facilities to enter breakpoint, debug and hook syscalls, etc."
""
"Generic Payment Interface. Thought to be used by all payment processors implemented for CakePHP. It might get also a non CakePHP specific branch."
""
""
"secure password manager"
""
"Particle Game"
"A chat application that runs on the play framework."
""
"Levenshtein like CGI handler 404 not found HTTP errors, proposing near paths"
"Carp::Always, but with color"
"A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided."
"Photomosaics in Qt"
"Cygwin grace packaging"
"An automatic installer for Wireless USB device ""TP-LINK TL-WN722N"" or any other that uses the Atheros ""htc_9271"" firmware."
"Contao Extension: Provides content elements for exporting data."
"Installs and configures IPsec/L2TP VPN for Debian"
"BITS_HYD CMS sync utility v0.5 Functional"
"A blog extension to N2Bootstrap"
"dirty little scripts to automate a WRF model run"
""
""
"Ruby interface for the Regressive Imagery Dictionary (gem)"
"A simple link saver application."
"Distributed MLton"
"Alp, a text-mode email client."
""
""
"Conduct personal backups to Amazon's Glacier service"
"weaver2007 code library"
"This is a mirror of monotone repository for Esrap-PEG, generator of Esrap rules from PEG grammars"
"A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections."
"Simple monte-carlo simulations of texas hold'em poker hands."
"An iOS photo app playground of sorts"
"Next-generation network interface configuration tool"
""
"Some reusable codes for iOS daily developing"
"A compiling version of Launcher 2 from the Android ICS source code"
"Tubalr's official iOS repo."
"A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!"
"C++ Template Meta-programming Prelude Implementation"
"Community Sensor Model"
"Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 class to bind string with HTML bold tags in XAML application."
"Ruby client for Trion World's RIFT Mobile App API"
"Very Simple for jQuery Radio Image Select"
"Clojure abstraction library for OpenObject/OpenERP"
"Doctor, MD to living doc convertor for node"
"TDD? Kata for creating change in haskell"
"AC automation on Redis."
"Nozzle is a report generation toolkit for data analysis pipelines implemented in R."
"Python package for UNIX/Linux daemon boilerplate "
"A Django application for removing unnecessary bytes from images. Integrates seemlessly with Easy Thumbnails."
"Python script for breaking or atomizing OAI-PMH repositories into simpler text formats"
"Mac OS X replacement of NSTextFieldCell class that interprets Bold HTML tags"
"A plugin for obfuscating emails in octopress"
"Brackets extension to make running tests faster"
""
"A horizontal picker in the vein of UIPickerView, using UICollectionViews."
"Compute Discrete Maximum Entropy Distributions"
"Simple I18n support for meteor"
"Create simple editable CMS content blocks in node.js. Wrapper for Create.js CMS framework."
"A Productive Environment - make/rake/ant/fab-like system with support for FOSD "
"Bug fix release.  Supersedes 6.1.0."
"Magic: The Gathering card tracker."
"Zend Framework2 integration for the jms serializer library"
""
"FuelPHP Framework - Filesystem library"
"Simple sample of building REST api with JAVA"
"Upload data from standard input to Amazon Glacier. Save metadata on Amazon SimpleDB. Needs more testing and documentation."
"Parses POST requests with Content-Type: 'application/xml' for consumption in your express app"
""
"Significant improvements and fixes; see http://code.google.com/p/crawler-commons/issues/list for discussions"
"Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools"
"String matching algorithms, like using Brute force, Finite state machine, KMP, Shift_and, etc."
"Open Source CRM"
""
"AdTonik Mobile Client for iOS"
"An opinionated graph library built on top of neo4j"
"A simple, extensible validation library for PHP with support for filtering and validating any input array along with generating client side validation code."
""
"Random Sampling in Clojure"
""
"An ECMAScript 5.1 parser, written in JavaScript.  The ECMAScript grammar was created using Jison."
""
"Bash ENV scripts"
"A kanban viewer that queries redmine"
"Badge for the test results of a cross browser test"
"Blackrock Microsystems Cerebus Link"
"A PHPUnit test case class with additional functionality."
""
"stuyHarmony"
"Ruby gem to import Apple's EPF Relational files."
""
"Browser-based wizard for installing Strider from Github to Heroku"
"Coursera ""Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2"" programming assignments"
"Claude Shannon's Ultimate Machine (Arduino)"
"Dotfiles for Mac using zsh"
"A python script that helps you stay sane when working with external people who provide your iOS project with resources"
"Jenkins plugin to use LDAP with SASL for authentication."
"visual tool for annotating observations of human actions"
"Advice that has helped me to be successful over the years"
"Altai Web GUI"
"Simple Graphical Java tool to start Rackspace Next Gen / OpenStack Cloud Servers in Shutoff state"
"A mini ABI capable of handling throw/catch statements for C++ without libstdc++"
"HTC One S C2 device tree"
"Pin anything on Pinterest, no image necessary."
"Capistrano deployment recipes for mono web application"
"Run CasperJS Scripts/Functional Tests"
"Small dropin library to translate utf8-strings into offsets in glyph-table."
"Miscellanous capistrano extensions"
"Bukkit plugin that provides a new way of PVP"
"Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db"
"programming experiments"
""
"Files used for desktop ricing."
"TwiGrid - datagrid built on top of Nette Framework"
""
""
"cheap_eats"
"xydinesh.github.com"
"coding practice"
""
""
"forum spam killing software"
"A+ Promises"
"backend to Aakash Business Tools"
"SF2 Jobeet"
"Instant Translator for Google Chrome"
"A library to use the nRF24L01+ with Arduino."
"A  PHP Library for making OAuth1/OAuth2 Request."
"brantsteen.com website"
"A node.js module that turns an array of data into a graph in a pdf document. Uses gnuplot and ps2pdf."
""
"Some prime extensions I use"
"My i3WM configuration"
"Forecast is a website which tells you tomorrows weather forecast using GeoLocation to locate you."
""
"Therse are programs that I made in granpark.rb"
""
"OpenArena log file parser for building player stats"
"Visual SMO"
"ns2 for research"
"Programming in Java Assignment 3"
"Inventory Drop Chance"
"time series analysis library for .net"
"My VIM files."
"Protected - Sims application for Smartesting Training"
""
""
"Scripts for managing a collection of book reviews."
"my python scripts"
"2nd version of cirru-editor"
"HTML 5 2d Game"
"Simple BerkleyDB-based  WEB-interface "
"dotfiles of various tools"
"Random Emacs hacks."
""
"Some useful utilities (bash or python scripts) for some routine administrative tasks"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/m2m-aligner"
""
"Code for Coursera's Computing for Data Analysis course "
""
""
"A handy console application to parse all the FREB logs in a directory and persist in database"
"Photo and video thumbnails generator for Synology DiskStation NAS"
"This is my personal website (bendrucker.me)"
""
"My personal website including my blog and project built in Django"
"code I write while learning ruby"
"julython.github.com"
"Indenting for AWK script"
"Dotfiles"
"Vertical baseline rhythm experiments."
"Embed Maker"
"TestGithub"
""
""
"Toggle Low Power Mode Screen on the N9 + Toggle WLAN/Internet Connection with toggle-wlan"
"PHP simpleSAMLphp REST API for managing metadata"
"A collection of useful snippets."
"experimental mongo access layer centered around controlled redundancy"
" AssetsBundle is a module for ZF2 allowing asset managment (bundling & caching)"
""
"Flexible rate limiting for your Rack apps"
"MO JS tutorial"
""
""
"A parser and logger for the City of Denver's crime csv"
""
"A Vagrant+Chef setup for Ubuntu 12.04.1 (Precise Pangolin). Comes complete with the latest and greatest for PHP Development"
""
"demo"
""
"Lizard site for showing the data from the DDSC api"
"A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit"
"Women safety "
"A simple SQL-based queue for Rhino.ServiceBus"
""
"The combined context and utilities of an HTTP request and response."
"Blog"
"Slicesync syncs slices of files using rsync philosophy (but not the same exact algorithm)"
"An experiment to standardize individual donor names in campaign finance data using simple graph theory and machine learning."
"An implementation of the LiveReload 2.X server in Node.js"
"a repo to practice some php skills"
"Assorted tools to handle RPG Maker 2000/2003 files"
"**NOTE** Use the repo linked:"
""
""
"A DocPad Skeleton based off Twitter's Hogan.js GitHub Page"
"My attempt at making something with Clojure"
"test for GitHub practice"
"An experimental endpoint for papertrail webhooks that converts properly formatted log lines into statsd metrics."
"Official plugins for Hexo"
""
"Fernet generates and verifies HMAC-based authentication tokens."
"Team Strike Force!"
"A node.js module that brings common sense to console logging."
"Chef cookbook for managing some mildly-difficult-to-automate SSH configuration"
"github pages for anvil"
"SkyTruth Scraper"
"Pull data about Places from the Factual API"
"A extension for Cloud9ide for ZenCoding functionality."
"Dasein Cloud implementation for IBM SmartCloud. For more information on Dasein Cloud, see the Dasein Cloud home page at https://github.com/greese/dasein-cloud."
"Lazy load html from a template when positioned into view."
"PhoneGap Bonjour Plugin for iOS"
"Helperbot for the IRC channels of the Countervandalism Network."
"A small web site that displays a pomodoro timer."
"build BREP Solids with OpenCascade and NodeJS - 3D Modeling"
"A port of Monkey's Audio Codec to Unix-like systems"
"A Gnome Shell extension that indicates your Nvidia card status while using Bumblebee"
""
"Natural Language Processing Tools"
"Photobooth"
""
"Roommate bill splitter"
"Debianization tools"
"Extending the native exp:channel:entries tag to do complex things."
"Homebrew formulae for the zork games."
"Paybox payment gateway for woocommerce plug-in"
"Provides useful features to Doctrine 2 projects"
"web page about the author"
"Bioinformatics training resources"
"some sources :-)"
"Alarm Clock app for Windows Phone 7"
"Reddit Dating Website"
""
""
"Extras Downloader for Aeon Nox"
"SOM 3.2 XPO Trigger Class"
"slackbuild scripts for several packages"
"Templates for Google Blogger and related stuff"
"Timeline Gallery in Openshift"
"Implementation of the game Can't Stop using ServiceStack"
"Offline wikipedia reader in HTML5/Javascript, with Firefox OS as the primary target"
"A node.js app that dynamically builds and serves JavaScript files"
"Bundle http://mainsms.ru/"
""
"Chrome extension for JSON edit in RIAK."
"Simple php site base template."
""
"Collection of files I need publicly uploaded."
""
"Initial drop of Jenkins uptime plugin"
"Minecraft world converter for the Vanilla plugin on the Spout voxel platform."
"my blog"
"Bank software written in JavaEE"
""
"poky for translation"
"Python script to publish timed tweets"
"utilities to clean and process large datasets"
"repo for my dotfiles synchronization"
""
"BZFlag plugin that gives players a flag on spawn depending on a variable"
"Wireless Sensor Network Link Quality Prediction. Implemented in LiteOS."
""
"Node.js library to textify text"
"A CLI game written in php"
"Personal Pages"
"A free implementation of the Cisco ios/asa/catalyst command ""begin"" (similar to how egrep -i -A would work if you could specify <rest of lines> after -A) "
"Hausbus3 implementation in Python"
""
"the pubsub plugin for openfire"
""
"Areski Belaid Personal Website"
""
""
"Library for reading and writing Scratch files"
""
"Find, display, and optionally round floating point plane coordinates in Source engine VMF files."
"Personal website"
""
"My solutions to the exercises in the ""Write Yourself a Scheme in 48 Hours"" Haskell book."
"cache module for zencart - to be used with ZePLUF"
""
""
"a node.js library to do HTTP(S) requests the easy way"
"A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.js library"
"My AWS tools"
"A class based programming DSL for Javascript"
"GUI Samples with JSF, Richfaces, JQuery, CSS3, etc."
""
""
"This is a beginner's testing."
"Carousel portlet for WCC"
"Haskell bindings to FluidSynth"
"for classic Java SDKs."
"rails new -d postgres -T, omniauth-twitter, tiwtter-bootstrap-rails, etc..."
"RBS Change Ici Relais module"
"RBS Change Kiala Module"
"RBS Change Relais Colis Module"
"Mississippi SGP Analyses"
"A simple facebook library in Go"
""
"Simple almost dependancy loader. For DYI loading..."
"My attempt to create a mojo extractor based on the scaladoc tool"
""
""
""
"Online documentation for freistilbox"
"Personal Web Page"
"This is budong's spider"
"Resolves weekly mileage by sport in profile pages of dailymile"
"GorillaScript is a compile-to-JavaScript language designed to empower the user while attempting to prevent some common errors."
"C#/.NET/Mono driver for ArangoDB"
""
""
""
"Music visualizer for MPD using OpenGL"
""
"Custom field to Django, storing the hashed value of some other field."
"Photo Booth interface for touch screens"
"My super interesting dotfiles!"
"a simple blog Bundle for symfony2 (the backed requires sonata admin bundle)"
"A simple Metalsmith website boilerplate (Gulp included)"
"A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources"
"User settings backup"
"A simple HTML boilerplate for Leaflet + OSM web maps"
"Grader inputs a students' numerical grade and outputs the letter grade associated with it."
""
"active_scaffold create,edit,delete,search timesheet"
"Our custom chat plugin"
"Manage the users you're following on twitter."
"Utilities for Express 3.0 apps"
"The MVVM framework you don't even know is there."
"Collection of useful PowerShell scripts that I've written"
"TurtleBot system envronment"
"A django authentication backend relying on Polytechnique.org's AuthGroupeX SSO protocol"
""
"code for setting up Planet Python India "
"A lightweight markup language inspired by Markdown"
"A readme file with ideas for future projects to help me learn."
"Implementation of Microsoft's Media Transfer Protocol (MTP)"
"Masters thesis report"
"Add simple configuration to any ruby class or module"
"A bare-boned continuous integration server."
"website"
""
"This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity."
"Simple Python class for Belkin WeMo device.  Uses Miranda for UPnP."
"I am an AUR package maintainer. See my packages!"
"A completely barebones theme for Cotonti Siena to provide you something to build on!"
""
"Config files for a riced up Arch setup."
"Implementation of OAuth2 in JavaScript using CORS"
"This daemon enables you to make easy backups of your different systems. The clients are basically platform independent - as long as they support rsync."
"CUDA implementation of Expectation-Maximization algorithm."
"Convertor for migration from PalmOS to Android"
"Solve systems of linear equations, using SMT solvers."
"Simple Wrappers for IText to make life easier."
"Tablets for Minecraft"
""
"HBase Manager provides a simple GU Interface to interact with HBase Database. With HBM we can do all the basic actions like Table Create/Alter/Drop/Truncate and Data Modifications like Insert/Delete/Update.  The Scan Operation can be fully customized with"
"My vim config"
"Sublime Text 2 package of snippets for node/async"
""
"Fork of http://www.technipelago.se/content/technipelago/blog/44"
"A Composer-compatible packages.json file for SimpleSAMLphp along with a stupid simple PHP script that generates the file."
"A starter kit to create applications with grails using OAuth 2.0 and Google as provider"
"A ruby client for batsd."
"An Etherpad based on node.js - Our goal is to make collaborative editing the standard on the web"
"powerfuzzer : Highly automated, fully customizable HTTP protocol based application fuzzer"
"A simple library of Java language utilities"
"protos-sip : SIP test suite to evaluate implementation level security and robustness of Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) implementations"
"setup and configure moxi"
"Boilerplate for Compound with Facebook auth (using passport) and MongoDB database."
"A simple chess game. I built this mostly to get familiar with the D3 graphics library. A demo is online at jake-chess.herokuapp.com"
"Reviewer bot for WMF's Gerrit"
"Jave GUI utility for exporting BLOB fields values from SQLite DB. Requires SQLite JDBC driver."
""
"A command line tool for contact management, in python, with optional git-syncing"
""
"Simple RESTful message service using Grails and MongoDB"
"This project has been superseded by Phantom 1.8 + Ghost Driver"
"Bernat Fortet's Basement FrontEnd Boilerplate"
""
"A simple 404 page that uses the URI as input to generate a 404 message."
"HPC clusters data guzzler for usage statistics and metrics"
"Haskell tool to automatically bump package versions transitively."
"Raspberry Pi running on Java, with some LEDs, an Adafruit LED matrix, and a Android device"
"HTTPS Everywhere is a Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure."
"The files for michaelballphoto.com"
"Adds support for native comments to DocPad"
"Halve your cake, and eat it too"
"Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming"
"client for idepositbox service"
"CommanderData"
"A MCollective agent that let you touch files, delete or retrieve a bunch stats about a file"
"Free-knowledge Toolbox"
"Daleq's Homepage"
""
"A python script which leverages git to help you organize and archive your openFrameworks projects."
"libreswan"
"Pushstate Tic Tac Toe for ClojureScript"
"Fork of Jeff Sharkey's script to highlight Android adb logcat output for the console."
"A very basic Profiler to show mySQL query activity in a PHP application"
"An extension of the mustache text template engine for .NET."
"A Twitter bot @nozomi_miraha"
""
"Four experiments in annotation with ""Host"" by David Foster Wallace"
"Python script to convert SVG to points, and then to CDFs and the like."
""
""
"UBBMarkup makes mixing PHP and HTML easy by staying in the world of PHP. Think of UBBMarkup as a print() function especially for html."
""
"/var/chef-solo/cookbooks needed for the PGSQL virtual appliance blueprints"
"Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)"
"Convenient way to always have an Enum object available and utilise Spl Types if available."
""
""
"A one stop shop for collecting data from a network device using NETCONF or SNMP"
"Simple web crawler written in Python"
"Raspberry Pi Home Automation System"
""
"embodiedweb"
"Personal blog of @HarveyKandola powered by Jekyll"
"project euler solutions"
"A demo app for the famous deals gem"
"A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync"
"Find equal files and similar images"
"irclogger for app engine"
""
"Prompts for Reporting Service"
"JCore is a Proof of Concept and the code name of the next PressObjects version"
"App for controlling various stuff at the GR8 venue"
"MilCajas: easy collective sharing with Dropbox"
"A simple dashboard that shows useful information to Lunatech's employees"
"UV-CDAT over django"
"Raytracer for both x86 and CellBE CPU.  Written in C, started in CG2 at RIT.  Classic Whitted scene."
"This is a prototype iPhone app that checks you in and out of the Lunatech Office."
"Maven useful plugins development repository."
"Generates analytical coupled PESs using quasi-diabatic Hamiltonians"
"Jekyll source for my personal blog"
""
"fx.js"
"unit - a responsive css grid framework"
""
"A playground app for testing and live rendering of Twig templates"
"Do? Do!"
""
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"Just for messing around and learning"
"Office Automation Software"
"Bootstrapped WordPress Theme"
"coherence with hibernate4"
"Defines of the java-api-complete.vim for servlet 2.3"
"Defines of the java-api-complete.vim for android."
"Haskell refs backed by an IntMap for persistence and reversibility"
"object prevalence for emberjs"
"my scripts"
"Internet Ptogramming project 2013"
""
""
"Arch linux package files"
"A Ruby library for PNM image files (PBM, PGM, PPM)"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application"
"Solutions to question in Crack Code Interview 5th Edition, written in C# with MonoDevelop"
"YUI module to display images from a Flickr photo set in a carousel"
"My Homebrew formulae"
"Collection of random hacks which aid in understanding the compiler/language"
""
"Scrape Samknows reports from Hardware Zone"
"TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy"
"Generic LaTeX files for documents used in lectures (slides, exercises, labs, ...)"
"LFSR library for C"
""
"Python library for caching"
"An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS."
""
""
""
""
"Clinical temporal expression normaliser"
""
""
""
"This is just to get my updates"
"Custom Config"
"Amman Hackerspace"
""
"ROS node that acts as a proxy server for Interactive Markers, caring about message demultiplexing and some tf transforms."
""
"nikola debian packaging"
"Weather App"
"My notes and code backup chrome web application"
"A web content platform"
"PanLex RDF conversion project"
""
"CSS parser and pre-processor supports polyfill of SASS style features and new CSS syntax."
"It's a simple plugin which is generated an epitech norme compatible header."
"Boilertek is a generic scafolding tool with some customization options and a user-frendly command line interface."
"Team-based player tags for Bukkit servers."
"tests for working on cilkplus"
"Recommendations"
"Write haml templates, use both server and clientside (via handlebars.js)"
""
"trnl.me page"
"Check services versions, directories rights, groups definitions etc."
"Code for the redesign of www.holyfireministries.com"
"Useful automation scripts. Mostly in Python... and Ruby"
""
"Santa Claus vs Ded Moroz Game"
"Gnuplotting wordpress theme"
"quick-and-dirty android library for OpenDataKit/JavaRosa forms.  Only supports input text and selections so far, but it's a work in progress"
"multiple Config files save"
"User defined xcode code-snippets"
"A UI to easily add and remove beers from the main website"
" LaserShark USB ShowCard Host Applications"
""
"Various HTTP helpers to simplify server-side development."
""
"ja"
"Show Parser for Eos Family Consoles"
"My blog"
"Jekyll for sheltonplace.com"
"Make animations with dialog and sound using pure HTML5"
"Go board game in Javascript"
"android study project"
""
"January #onegameamonth"
"Node web page preview"
"Atomik Skeleton Application"
"A PHP-based authentication system. Please see the project site for the bugtracker and wiki."
"NoFi - the free international offline wifi finder!"
""
"A personal Java swing variation of the popular card game 21"
"my dotfiles"
"Dashing-weather allows you to generate weather widgets and jobs for Dashing, the incredibly handsome dashboard framework"
"firing squad synchronization problem solution & cross-stitch pattern"
"Custom Components built upon the AndEngine...."
"Generic tournament based card game server "
"VKSiS labs"
"Kernel patch enables gcc optimizations for additional CPUs."
""
"Rails-based version of sendmail"
""
"Blog"
""
"Logback encoder which creates JSON for use with Logstash"
"Repository of diploma thesis"
""
"Using Response Interceptors to Show and Hide a Loading Widget"
"Minebot re-written in C#."
"Solr Client Library"
"Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation."
"My Solutions for SICP - The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs "
"common components used in yii framework."
"A test app for RoboSpice, see https://groups.google.com/d/topic/robospice/2UY_qprgPx4/discussion"
"A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an ""ahhhh"" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a ""phew"" sound. Should work on lat"
"Flexible export actions for Django admin"
"Arduino Libraries used in the RoboRover project"
"Excite: External Citation processor. Use LaTeX like post-processing to organize your references in a word processing document."
"Whack package for apache2"
"Whack package for apache2 with PHP5"
"html file"
"Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme."
"project by iu 8-24"
"Convert variable-width fonts to monospace"
"My vim configuration."
""
""
"Repo for educational labs using a Digilent Nexys 3 FPGA card"
"Dana's dotfiles."
"Origami meets L-systems."
"A web crawler written in D, to feed a MySQL database, for easy connection to Sphinx indexer."
"Solutions for puzzles in Project Euler"
"A dictionary for Tolkien's languages"
"Parser written in python generating Mininet python topologies from Internet Topology Zoo .graphml files."
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/rogue-code"
"Use WaniKani's (http://www.wanikani.com/) API in your Ruby applications"
"A CGI script to manage a directory full of download files sorted by version and types"
"Some C++ 11 rewrites of useful stuff from TnFOX (http://www.nedprod.com/TnFOX/)"
""
"A personal website"
"RubyMotion automatically converts NSNull.null instances to nil making it... difficult to store an NSNull instance.  This class and category on NSObject might help!"
"My dot files"
"An enhanced SWORDv2 module for DSpace 1.8.2 and 3.0"
"Syslog Stream for node-bunyan"
""
"Modify ProgramO to tell the Olympus Noir story"
"a command line interface tool to create custom bit.ly shortened urls"
"A thin veil over Hunchentoot and Postmodern"
"Computer Facts"
"A Decoda textarea editor using MooTools."
"MD5 cryptographic hash function."
"Support for cryptographic operations."
"A Sudoku solver written in Scala"
"The only tool that parses your ModSecurity audit logs to generate exceptions automagically ;)"
"Stamen Maps with easing, for touch interfaces"
"a pseudo wiki build wih git and some markdown rendering"
"Count Mutations between a reference sequence and aligned sequences"
"Shape and color for herbalism sites"
""
"Contemporary Classical Music TV"
"song "
"A mobile-friendly inline slider powered by a Google Spreadsheet. Requires Tabletop.js and jQuery."
"The nucleus or the base container for Applications and Services built using the NetflixOSS ecosystem"
""
"This is a cross-platform, CUDA-based C++ implementation of the framework proposed in our paper ""GPU Accelerated Time-of-Flight Super-Resolution for Image-Guided Surgery""."
"phall"
""
""
"Webnoth is an experiment to render ""Battle for Wesnoth"" map in a 3D web based environment."
""
"Blog"
"A simple web-based employee time clock "
"Solution algorithm for a card puzzle."
""
"[UNMAINTAINED] A JavaScript type checking/casting library"
"The UI Automation COM-to-.NET Adapter makes it possible to use the new Windows Automation API 3.0 COM interfaces, with their improved reliability and performance, while still using the same System.Windows.Automation classes as in earlier versions of UI Au"
"surplus water allocation system created with codeigniter and bootstrap"
"A set of R scripts for automated horse racing actions"
"A World of Warcraft addon to assist Priests with optimal Halo usage"
" Push Notification Service Erlang Support Library"
""
"The JavaScript state management library"
"Synchronize your home folder files and application configurations easily."
"An unofficial random.org api wrapper"
"JavaScript bitmap processing filters for images, video and canvas supporting HTML5 Web Workers."
"php chat"
"Fork of https://code.google.com/p/io-2012-slides/"
"Java EE poc and proto"
"Todd's primary github public page repo."
"A Rails Engine that makes it easy to create shortened URLs for your rails application"
"Small app based on the SDK's StackWidget example to bring the old ProTips widget forward to ICS."
"An app to check whether your code is Ruby 2.0.0 compatible."
"A jQuery plugin which captures the keyboard events and translates them into appropriate MIDI events"
"Files to generate an XML Sitemap in the Statamic flat file CMS."
"Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites"
""
"A Downton Abbey-inspired lorem ipsum text generator"
"git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)"
"a creative coding framework using go-lang"
""
"Tool for managing list of authorized USB devices on Linux."
"Various small projects with Arduino"
"Minecraft with our mods and options."
"A sample iPhone appllication that browse your amazon s3 account"
"winds.mobi python/django server"
""
""
""
"A multiplayer drawing application with touch support."
""
""
"Learning: to show how to use template in C++"
""
"Grove is a way for developers to share git repositories directly over HTTP, without needing a central service like GitHub to connect them. Developers can share as many repositories as they like, and don't need to push their changes or branches in order to"
"Jekyll powered personal website."
"hack to see what well reviewed albums-of-the-year are available on Spotify and Rdio"
"Opus tags editor"
"Turn HTML into DOM elements x-browser."
"MongoMapper plugin for ClientSideValidations"
""
"Download upstream tarballs and fetch changes from the github API"
"Buildstep uses Docker and Buildpacks to build applications like Heroku"
"Another call panel for asterisk/freepbx"
"Proof of concept project for Spring 3.2 and Apache Tiles 3.0.1"
""
"fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser."
"Playing around with generic collections in java$cript"
""
"A ruby script to download all files from your classic Basecamp account"
"a streams2 compatible multipart-form parser"
"VATSIM traffic viewer for Android"
"Silly irc bot that smells like chicken"
""
""
"First Draft of LmntrX Official App. Changes may be made to this repo. May be modified or replaced."
"proton simulator to generate virtual pCT data sets"
""
"TYPO3 extension Schemaker: Fluid ViewHelper XSD Schema Generator"
"A TextMate bundle created to add a few useful snippets for developing HTML Emails"
"AppleScripts I find useful for working with OSX"
"Page to generate ajax responses with releases for telestrekoza.com"
"Text based game"
"Given 3D accelerometer data, compute the frequency of rhythmic motion and predict the next beat"
"OMeta: an Object-Oriented Language for Pattern Matching. PHP implementation of OMeta/JS."
"WordPress Chat Room plugin"
"A plugin for Adobe Lightroom to shrink your JPEGs without losing quality. Features include: Huffman optimization, progressive JPEG and metadata stripping."
"A plugin by AquaXV and M0P"
"A Guava compatible EventBus."
"Makerslide software and hardware"
"Interactive explorer for the MetaCPAN API"
"Configuration Files for Linux and OSX"
"relay http request"
""
"Maven plugin to compress and merge web resources"
"fork of git://libvirt.org/libvirt"
"Source code of my Jekyll-based website"
"Small scripts."
"Moving Teachings"
"FUSE for OS X support tools"
"Batch scripts in Perl for doing some common tasks on Cisco switches."
"A set of Apis and programs for the Minecraft Mod ComputerCraft"
"Dancer2-App"
"Sound-to-light system for Hue"
""
"This is my system's configuration"
"A quick and dirty HTTP client library in and for C."
"FEUP: Computer Laboratory - EIC0020 - 2012/2013 - Graphical text & code editor for Minix 1.8 operative system"
""
"AuthenSimple plugin for PlugAuth"
"Victor Boctor's Pages"
"Realtime detection and asynchronous processing of rsync'ed files."
""
"Zero Desktop Environment Survivor Kit for Linux"
"My personal blog"
"Real-time Backbone.js app with iOS styling -- post a message and all other users see it without having to refresh. Extends Backbone Collection & Model objects - adding web sockets (and fallback polling) support (pub/sub), by subscribing to specific events"
"This project has migrated to savannah - see https://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/sciteproj/ - Project handler for the SciTE editor"
"Playing around with type erasure, concept based polymorphism and value semantics"
"class"
"Samsung Galaxy S4 US variants"
"An answer to problem two on project Euler"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"A minimal C library for operational transform"
"A cfwheels plugin to make sure your app is always secured with SSL."
"An Xposed modification to bring back an ICS-style default application picker in Jelly Bean"
"tmp"
"Auburn University math department syllabus template"
"A rock paper scissors implementation"
"A .Net Portable Class Library to simplify the calling of a RESTful web service from a .Net client application."
"Linux kernel 3.4.10 for HTC Explorer (Pico)"
"Simple command line tool for generating safe passwords from a master password"
""
"A WebKit powered web browser"
""
""
"Parses an initialisation (ini) text file and returns a ColdFusion structure of properties."
"blog"
"A web page to decode any BER encoded data and display it nice and clearly to the user"
"A demo twilio node app, using just the low-level HTTP APIs"
"Correct attribute memoization for ruby, made easy"
"test"
""
"Document System Recognition"
"A cute little thing..."
"3D printable animatronic dragon project."
""
""
"Play music using the Tikitag RFID reader"
"An ecommerce framework for WordPress"
"A Sublime Text 2 plugin that emulates some of Notational Velocity's (or nvAlt's) functionality"
""
"jQuery plugin for creating a gallery of zoomable images from an anchor list."
"GSM SMS library for C#"
""
""
""
"My personal homepage."
"Topologies of networks utilized in network research work."
"A Bunch of Shell Script Tools which seems useful."
""
""
""
"testrepo"
""
"A lightweight, client-side scripting library."
"Disco lights with IKEA dioder and Processing"
"Elgg_1.8_identicon"
""
"My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch"
"Bits and pieces to share with the world"
""
"Create, scale and upgrade your company's own Cloud Foundry"
""
"Hexic game simulation demo"
"An Xposed mod to add a button to the app info window for installed apps that takes you to the Play Store page for that app"
"Minecraft Mods"
""
"Current UQM packages for Debian"
"Lee's ATA Black Belt Academy"
""
"Chrome extension port of Todo.txt CLI"
"Hidden Markov Model Library designed with the goal of helping to teach the key concepts of HMMs"
"A Qt application to list incoming mail from multiple IMAP folders"
""
"What's for Dinner? webapp"
"useful groovy scripts for Jadice Server"
"Simple PHP API to use Wunderground service"
"Javascript Questionnaire optimized for mobile devices.. "
"JSR286-Portal based on OpenCms"
"A Node.js wrapper around the SauceConnect jar file"
"RoR sample application"
"Front-end skeleton project."
""
"A social news website (YARC - yet another reddit clone)"
""
"Basic server-side analytics middleware for expressJS."
"KGDB presentation at FOSS.IN 2012"
"SuperCrane"
"My resume"
"OpenSense iOS library and OpenSense Collector app"
""
"A responsive DotNetNuke skin. Originally created for training sessions at DotNetNuke World 2012."
"Evenly distributed random color generator for Objective-C "
"For a given Parameterized Project, this plugin shows the builds sorted by the parameters used to execute the builds"
"Synology File Hosting for Simply Debrid"
"Wrapper for the Amazon Product Advertising API"
"Puppet module to install Oracle VirtualBox"
"Framework for building WSGI apps in which requests and responses are just dictionaries."
"RSS parser for node"
"Rails 'A la carte' menu plugin for creating and managing navigation menus."
"Public Suffix List module for Python"
"convert ""###"" (or any other string) to the current time (HH:MM formated) and push the pad content to a specified WordPress post (meant for liveticker-purpose)"
"Java class file dependency analysis."
"pages"
"PCSX-Reloaded is a PlayStation Emulator based on PCSX-df 1.9, with support for Windows, GNU/Linux and Mac OS X."
"Simple block of code to fetch alerts from Blizzard Games"
"configuration files and examples for fullcircle"
"Plugin for BigBrotherBot that enforces text file banlists"
"My personal vim configuration"
"All of my customizations, including the zsh shell, aliases, themes, and plugins."
"The images used in the InfinitasDocs plugin for examples etc."
"Erlang Redis Client Pool for eredis"
""
"Use this application to get Socket.IO support in your Django project and dive into real time web."
"Communicate in Morse Code using Arduino, Twilio, node.js and a lamp."
"A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations."
"Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a ""git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout"" and a ""git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"""
"My idea of a cozy CLI environment"
"Code Home"
"Tag library with optional Silex REST API"
"Assorted tools to handle RPG Maker 2000/2003 files"
"My vimrc etc..."
""
"Reducing noise in protein multialignments"
"Throttle function execution based on cpu time used."
"A photo album using Play! framework"
"This repository contains scripts that can be used to control extreme feedback devices for the Jenkins Continuous Integration server"
"Swasher IT Hardware - inventory solution"
""
"Tarjan's algorithm for computing strongly connected components"
"BloodBowl like game"
"a collection of graphical effects used in the demoscene"
"robot code for a machine designed to take pretzels from liberal arts majors"
"This repository contains recipes to install various stuff on linux or windows machines"
"simple library to use/parse grok patterns with php"
"Android meets Arduino"
"Squid report tool: Generate flexible reports for your squid server in realtime. Written in PHP5"
"PHP-based parsing library for aviation METAR weather reports and TAF forecasts."
"my dotfiles"
"GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage"
""
"test"
""
"Clone of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/gstreamer/gst-plugins-base"
"DirectX tutorials stuff"
"a learn test"
"Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server"
"Fast and fuzzy file opener for Bash in Go"
"Enhanced configuration file related tools for Python"
"My main website"
"Use social profile data from your Janrain Engage application to prefill forms"
"Messy text mashup scripts made in 2007"
"http://cse1211.artifice.cc"
"Create an audio sample from a selected song"
"nothing much"
""
"My PhD thesis"
"JMX Extensions for use with CJMX"
"New site design"
"A collection of Xcode Templates that I use. Well...so far only Coda and SIMBL plugin"
"My vim ultisnips snippets"
"FortiGate automatic backup script."
"JavaScript source code visualization, static analysis, and complexity tool"
"Convert files between plain text, javascript strings, and document.write() statements"
""
"An IBus engine for users of the Cangjie and Quick input methods"
""
"Dependently typed esolang"
"Similar syntax highlighting to GitHub "
"Simple jade email sender, with caching."
"TripleSpec slit-mapping codes.   Based on a python wrapper of astrometry.net"
"Rack middleware to safely convert request URLs into lowercase."
"LaTex version of resume"
"Fernet generates and verifies HMAC-based authentication tokens."
"The sachin21's dotfiles"
"EJS plugin for DocPad"
"A simple python script to monitor sensors"
"A dark color scheme for Vim."
"A place to store EDX puttering"
""
"Clojure implementation of Junidecode"
""
"Various configuration files"
"configuration files for bash"
"vevento_assignment_test"
"Leiningen plugin for ANTLR v4"
"(Perl) parse and emit postfix attr dialects"
"dotfiles such as .vimrc and .rvmrc"
"Appreciating photos with the help of the Flickr API"
""
"HTML5 CSS3 valid boilerplate"
"FreeMind 0.9.0 Portable Launcher"
"General tools for Neil"
""
"iptables rules counting tool"
"forked from http://redmine.the.re/git/puppet-rsnapshot.git"
"OWS web app changed from unstructured javascript to Backbone and Underscore JS"
"RainIDF - An Excel add-in for derivation of rainfall intensity-duration-frequency (IDF) curves, based on annual maxima and partial duration series."
""
"Collection of my dotfiles for easy access"
""
""
"Whitelisting with invites and probation"
""
"Resources for the GLOS cataloging system"
"Java(TM) based open graphics 2D"
"Android app with HTML GUI and fingerprint hardware code"
"Creates notification to launch alarm clock from status bar."
"This is a simple, easy to use Twitter API Package for FuelPHP Framework"
"Manually Accessed dataset for Events Following"
"Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository"
""
""
"SmoothMouse daemon and preference pane."
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"The opmu.se site."
"SDK to use HockeyApp in Windows and Windows Phone apps."
"Node.js based todo application."
"Simple key-value coding for Elixir"
"Brownian motion producer for the channel #heartofgold"
"Page personnelle"
"ProcessWire module: Automatically archives pages based on a Datetime field."
"The simplest Chef recipe that could possibly work."
""
"Opensource for all used Algorithm, written in C or CPP language. Have fun."
""
"The web backend gateway for pydidit, a todo system flexible enough to fit your style."
"The web backend for pydidit, a todo system flexible enough to fit your style."
"My slides on HTML5 Semantics and Microdata"
"Analysis of electrophysiology from BART"
""
"Player framework for Phosphor encoded video content"
"Simple issue tracking system written in Rails 3"
"library for implicit shape model based scene recognition"
""
"Status bar utility for dwm written in Go with XCB that shows: date, load, memory, I/O and network statistics"
"Python utility library for common actions"
"Android Library Project for Multi-Layer Network Connections (Better TLS/SSL and Tor)"
"fake 3d asteroids, with python and opengl"
"Bitminter API methods for Node.js"
"python module with some geodetic classes and functions written in C++"
"tvtorrentrss fork to remove all unused and unnecesary code"
"in case DNS ever gets highjacked"
"Collision detection and resolution in 3D space"
"A unit library to aid in aviation calculations."
"A Ruby program that can parse plain text files to generate probability tables and then generate random names using these tables."
"write LaTeX + PSTricks and produce digital textbooks with HTML5 interactivity :)"
"command-line interface helper utility for ruby"
"A trivia site useful for playing certain trivia related board games"
"php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm"
""
"Thsi is a test project"
"Bluetooth based social guess-the-word drawing application."
"Some handy tools for GNU/Linux , bash , open environment to make your day to day life easier"
""
"This project contains several java ibraries and utilities that are either too small to be hosted in a separate project or are still in an ""incubation phase""."
""
"Download and query an offline Wiktionary dump."
""
"O2 Version Started"
"A script that sends SMS messages using email. "
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"TDD Kata 1 By Osherov"
"Mirror of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/git/pixman"
"An open source system for creating RDF from various source data such as spreadsheets and CSV files.  It is based around use of the Ruby ERB templating system."
"This is web application in which any user can other user to view their posts .."
""
"MC"
"scrapy's googledir example with mysql store pipeline using twisted's adbapi"
""
"A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript."
"WoW Addon - Adds a frame to the AH for fast crafting mat lookup"
"Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity"
"FLV Extract CL - python port of http://www.moitah.net/"
"Basic Arduino sketch to measure relative humidity and temperature using an EFS-10 and an LM135."
"General Simple numerical codes using fortran"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"the compiled files for michaelballphoto.com"
""
""
"An easy way to include all files within a directory. Note: This is a fork of felixge's require-all which allows for optional includes."
"A simple python program for solving Mastermind"
"An android application which can be used by teachers to take attendance of students , keep track of students , send a message to an absentee etc.,"
"Pixate gem for RubyMotion."
"Simple Example showing how to track a conversation, including specific types (such as AV calls)"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Provide better search functionality by capturing all matched line"
"A Python Turtle program I created"
"basic pluginbundle for Infinity Interactive dists"
"random stuff from my time at Brooklyn College"
""
"Mirror of internal repository for TestTracker."
"Quick and flexible placeholders, created right in browser.    "
"A chain of configurations for my laptop."
"gap proxy clone from code.google.com/gapproxy"
"IRC bot to bridge from irc.cluenet.org to #cvn-wp-en and #cvn-wp-en-cluenet on Freenode."
""
"Skips to next song one second before song ends to reduce number of ads. Mutes remaining ads."
"check the dbl and zen list for domains and ip's"
""
"maxmsp external for live glitch music"
"User database framework for Garry's Mod."
"Configuration files for stuff I use."
"Pantera is a tool to test the resilience of cloud applications."
""
""
"Project Euler solutions....."
"A blank chef repository"
"Simplified, modular OpenPGP specification"
"Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's."
"System level ROS Tools"
"A simple weekly schedule library for JS."
"Quote Library"
"A mailSender component"
""
"Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/"
"Generate Authentication Key"
"A wizard to create wrappers to easily add GOG.com DOSBOX and ScummVM games to Steam"
""
".NET anti-managed debugger and anti-profiler code"
"updates to the register_vpcom.py code to support mechs, and (more importantly) Cactus Canyon Continued."
"A Moodle block element which is part of Turnitin's Moodle Direct v2 providing a link to Class Migration functionality for non admin users"
"berteltorp.github.io"
"Lazy loaded Retina graphics"
"Parse web services and site for managing beef inventory at Cienega Orchards"
"Specification and Analysis for Requirements Tool"
"Allows users to read Nicolet (.e) files in Matlab"
"Some exercise and sample"
"Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module."
"M-tree datastructure to perform k-NN searches"
"Terminal CC Emulator"
"Automated assets concatenation and minifcation for Django."
"smaller function usage for traceShow"
"Custom report templates for Planning Center Online."
"A python function works on Windows that parse the IP addresses of the computer"
"This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: ""The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con"
"This module provides utilities for Speech To Text Engine of Apache Stanbol."
"A NodeJS scraper / json endpoint-reader with rate-limiting, write-to-csv and custom header support."
"A modification of Razor (https://github.com/msturgill/razor) for czech Ultima Online shard Auberon"
"from SchiShu had to seriously mod some stuff and have more to do its a wip"
"Scans radio stations playlists and puts them into a database, seeing if there is a pattern"
"Pietro's Blog"
"Graph display using a physical simulation"
""
"A haskell library implementing fast and scalable concurrent queues for x86, with a Chan-like API"
"Trichema's website"
"Small web application using xmpp, nodejs and angularjs."
"high concurrency in DSTM"
"Fast and powerful CSV (delimited text) parser that gracefully handles large files and malformed input"
"MySQL Connector optimized for Pythonista (iOS)"
"Mosquitto security plugin."
""
"Stuff to make my Mac run better"
""
"The Trusted Analytics Container (TAC), an O'Reilly Media / RWJ collaboration to support sharing critical health data for research"
"BAsic Bottle app for dad's water system controller"
"Manager's portal."
"rpm-master"
"Razer Deathadder 2013 Edition DPI-Setter Hack"
"The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
""
""
"personal website"
"server gateway for cmpp3.0"
""
"C-family Abstract Syntax Tree XML Output"
"log4cxx  mirrored http://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/incubator/log4cxx/trunk"
""
"Chrome extension to auto-update your twitter stream without clicking to load new tweets."
""
""
"A collection of Python scripts to create and manipulate multiple Reddit accounts."
"Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)"
""
"Installer WIP"
"Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme"
"EAS Public Application"
"R Package for Matrix Algebra on GPU and Multicore Architectures"
"Much traps. Many deaths. Such coin. So maze. Wow."
"PUC Que Pariu"
"Parse Intel HEX files, dump them as binary."
"Implementation of the HM Algorithm W as a learning exercise"
"MVC 5 Project with Durandal"
"A WIP package manager for Alfred workflows"
""
"HomeWork from sg HPC"
""
"A dice playing game implemented in python with a simple computer opponent."
"Proof-of-concept AR, multi-user augmented reality maps system"
"PhylomeDB automated pipeline for reconstructing high-quality phylogenetic tree"
""
"Graph Database Visualization"
"Read-only release history for DateTime-ISO8601-Interval"
"personal blog"
""
"A minimalistic responsive grid portfolio theme built on Jekyll"
""
""
""
"static pages for nophish"
"An old PHP project to track machines' locations in a rack, diagram them, and preview changes."
"Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again."
""
"Commit inicial"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"An x86_64 kernel"
"cv and related"
"Read-only release history for Test-Synopsis-Expectation"
"Read-only release history for Imager-Font-T1"
""
"Extremely loosely coupled PHP5 MVC unframework, done right"
""
""
""
"Browser-based Breakout clone with fast 3d graphics and a unique design"
""
"Provides bitcoin-specific convenience functions and types"
"iOS OAuth2 Library for TheKey"
"Solving 4Clojure.com Questions"
"Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE."
""
"Otter Browser aims to recreate the best aspects of the classic Opera (12.x) UI using Qt5"
"Sandglass REST API based time tracking application"
"Oxwall plugin, this plugin powers up basic Oxwall video plugin with useful tweaks"
""
"This repository has the implementations of different topic models such as Latent Dirichlet Allocation and Hierarchical Dirichlet Process"
"A mirror of the openssd project"
"JavaScript Valence SDK"
"Just a quick PHP function for changing different steam IDs around."
"Puppet module to manage Windows AutoUpdate"
"Run CSSLint as a mocha test"
"Translate geometry_msgs/Pose messages (cartesian pose) to sensor_msgs/JointState messages (joint positions) for the KUKA LWR4+ with reachability and static collision checking"
"A more efficient approach to an Cloud Services Adapter for Appcelerator Titanium Alloy"
"6502 Emulator, Maybe."
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/cryptobourrin"
""
""
"Base formatter for hydro"
"Genome databases generation pipeline for ngs.plot and region_analysis."
"DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v"
"Maple bus for the Mojo FPGA board"
"Creating a geocoding class. Just because."
"Liquid Galaxy Support Library Activity"
"Power up your HTML tables"
"This app runs under the Beerware license !"
""
"General validation and operation Foundation"
""
""
"client gateway for cmpp3.0"
"SSH'd launch a remote gkrellm using ssh from a GUI OSX application"
""
"Android app that provides an easy way to drain your battery (for calibration reasons)"
"JMWBot (the alter-ego irc bot of johnmark)"
"Common device-trees for Baytrail-based Android devices (focus especially on Baytrail-M)"
"telnet server"
"Google Fonts in WebGL 3D"
"A little generator for LICENSE files"
"Sisu plugin for Apache Maven"
"wechat public "
"make-money-apps"
"for test"
""
""
"My Project Launcher"
"Client library to Solum API. See: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Solum"
"Watch globs for changes"
"Turnitin Direct plugin (version 2) for Moodle"
"Tupi is an open/free 2D animation software based on usability, a friendly user experience and community values. Every human is an artist :)"
"Bootstrap (Initializr version) with basic PHP view routing."
""
"Link and factoid bot; goals are for this to be extensible."
""
"My Vim Settings"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/iterative-fusion"
""
""
"Communicates to Kiethley 7000, Keithley 2400 SMU, and Arduino"
"Lazy prefix trees in OCaml"
"A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com."
"Curl broken views handlers"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/cluster-cloc"
"Microsoft Exchange E-mail Attachment Downloader."
""
"Reactive Programming for Scala and Scala.js (former Monifu)."
"tweet from your cli"
"Parable is a little smalltalk"
""
"Cygwin mingw64-i686-widl packaging"
"Cygwin mingw64-x86_64-widl packaging"
"Cygwin mingw64-i686-freetds packaging"
"Cygwin mingw64-x86_64-freetds packaging"
"a PHP API for converting online (HTML) timetables into JSON, XML and more. Currently only supports versions of the Untis timetable software."
""
""
"This is a WIP server tools system for Garry's Mod."
"My github pages site."
""
"A project I made and worked on quite a bit years ago but never sold. Helps make certain IR pen ready forms."
"Scripts that I have made over time"
"Personal site"
"Lean WordPress Theme"
"Multiplayer Boggle Clone"
""
"Simple php based endpoint to resolve encoding URLs based on request parameters"
"Placeholder description: @fredex42 created this with repo-genesis"
""
"For trying and studying"
"Logos and graphics relating to Foreman (http://theforeman.org/)"
"full source code, front end and back end of vulnia.com"
""
"SILC source code"
""
"Wrapper for asynchronously used Google Maps API in browser."
"Calaos Web App - HTML5 (based on AngularJS) Application for calaos home automation system"
"A plugin for Movable Type that allows authors to share the preview with others so that it can be reviewed."
"The new israelist works with adblock"
"sample CRUD app on sinatra and mongomapper"
"The administration app for the appserver"
"A Responsive Swipeable Carousel"
"Record your tests - takes screenshots and records videos"
"Simple detection and punishment of Combat Loggers"
"Used to download correct code for compiling"
"device_lge_lu6200"
""
"A Web Application for online reports concerning corruption."
""
"Bukkit plugin for chat moderation"
""
""
"Sample hellogitworld repo for GitHub Training classes"
"eps-cms-project"
"An organizer for arbitrary knowledge, using an object model rather than text as the atomic unit of knowledge. See the web site http://www.onemodel.org for background."
"Breakout is a free, completely open-source iOS 7 jailbreak."
"test fork from svn googlecode to git"
""
"Battle City open source Flash port"
"Draw Something Solver Application"
"love rpg thing"
"DB classes for node JS"
""
""
"chat chat!"
"The project euler problems I've solved"
""
"ThermometerExtended with fragments"
"Educational projects for github"
"The Desert Rat"
"Random walker model"
""
"vimrc"
"This includes a set of documents rewritten in LaTeX to understand the language and to give a better and elegant look to them"
"turn your numbers into words"
"a simple asset loader for Children of Ur, works with other projects too!"
"Free open public domain beer & brewery data for Switzerland (Schweiz) / Europe"
"Board game"
"A brand new PHP framework which aims to make coding simpler"
"amazon wishlist tracker "
"A simple HTTP server, largely an exercise in Go handlers."
"Notes in latex on probability theory"
"Bash script to automate Go language tools single user installation or even removal."
"Tic-tac-toe for the Launchpad S via Clojure and Overtone."
""
""
"Texties is the fun new way to send Unicode and ASCII art to your friends!"
""
"A simple space fighter game"
"Yeoman generator for a badass webapp setup."
"An android app. A color memory game. "
"Module for loading SQL"
"generates iTunes Music Library xml files"
"long story bro"
""
"Timelab is a C API for writing stand alone sound synthesis algorithms. It is intended for deployment on embedded systems, but can run on a computer just fine. The purpose of timelab is to provide a framework for a novel approach to synthesis based on nume"
"This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing"
"Multiple Producers / Multiple Consumers Message Passing Pool"
"Objective-C wrapper around the Sparkling API"
""
"Test GitHub"
"test on HuoHouStudio"
"Web app for work"
"An AI based search engine that indexes concordia.ca"
""
"Detecting integer overflow in C and C++"
""
"Android app for robot control"
""
"The companion content and links to the O'Reilly Mac OSX Productivity Tips for Developers video series"
"nib Options button styles."
"Web Service Composition using AI planning graph"
"sfksjfhsjkgbvsgfbsj"
"A community list of social media events in portugal"
"DjangoProject"
"The website for the xylophone framework"
"Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer"
"ffgrep - A grep-like command line tool to search text files in a given directory and (optionally) open a text editor to the matching line."
"A mocking framework for the Go Programming Language."
""
"Hugo source repository for briankidney.ca"
"Point of Sale/Invoicing"
"pencil tool for drawing on scalable vector graphics"
"A simple dogecoin mining setup script for Debian based servers"
"A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets."
"Helper-app for beekeepers."
"CANaconda project: CAN message viewer"
""
""
"Welcome to MCCN"
"Default Web"
""
""
"a smart bmvp framework for you SPA"
"Source for ChadWallaceHart.com"
"This version actual has files in it!"
"Xamarin Android Query Class inspired by AndroidQuery"
"A scratchpad for working on making some of the C++11 STL code from gcc 4.9 transaction-safe"
"Create a demo chat app using SocketIO and NodeJS"
"many jquery // such doge // so pro // wow"
"nodejs package for running a server to update graphs.js graphs in realtime using websockets"
""
"John Papa PluraSite Video Code Camper"
""
""
""
"Hello World"
"A simple application to display qr codes of bitcoin privatekeys"
"Personal blog"
""
""
"Web app that classifies poems based on their primary emotion"
""
"My website running on my home server. I'll get a real webserver someday, don't worry."
""
""
"Playing around with pseudorandom number generators."
""
""
"test obs service"
""
"the php extension for smaz"
"Code for the paper 'Efficient Variational Inference for Gaussian Process Regression Networks'"
"MD5 Encryption implementation using C plus plus"
"amazon wishlist tracker "
"Backend core needed for automated trading"
"R package to help manage the datasets, models, and processes of behavioral model development.  VERY early in development."
""
"This repository is for tracking exploratory code I write as I study Allen B. Downey's ""How to think like a computer scientist"", C++ version."
""
""
"MySQL DBI driver"
"modular library for plotting charts with javascript + svg + d3"
"Solutions to UVA Online Judge probelms"
"This is a website for Developer recruitement in Vietnam"
"A toy variant implementation I felt like writing."
"Google Glass compatible OpenCV CameraCalibration app"
"Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array"
"AngularForms makes it easy to build forms for your AngularJS app. Create forms as JSON objects, and let AngularForms generate, compile and inject the HTML into your app, complete with Angular directives, validation and Twitter Bootstrap styling."
""
""
""
"Basic Word Game"
"A personal blog"
""
""
"A Chrome DevTools theme based on @kkga's Spacegray theme."
"Just a Repo used to test code and learn github"
"A maven plugin for data-driven, template-based code generation"
"The up & coming version of victorlourng.com - COMING SOON!"
"for vim-pathogen"
"A bitcoin world exploration game"
""
"LWIP implementation of MQTT stack"
"Source code for ctrphils payslip"
"Two-person coin toss app (heads or tails) using socket.io"
""
""
""
"From Visual Studio Test"
"My first repository"
"An easy to use Biome Config editor for Terrain Control Biomes"
"kyaukyuai.github.io"
"Find timezone based on coordinates"
"Open source library for SPI/I2C control via FTDI chips"
"Chef Cookbook to deploy the magic.arch.tamu.edu site"
"Examples and libraries for the Open System and the smARtBUS Open I/O"
""
"asdfasdf"
"a GUI to change the appearance of matplotlib plots"
""
"Angular service to control valid route changes"
""
"testrepo"
""
"Common libs for webapps"
"a yaml parser for c++"
"N-way Set Associative Cache Simulator in C"
"miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)"
"Easily bind AngularJS scope properties to your URL hash."
"Cocoa App to replace the legacy Excel spreadsheet "
""
"RatLang is an open source programming language that wants to replace your calculator. It strives for the most concise syntax and the most useful language constructs to make writing calculations faster."
"Repository for TheBuff"
""
"Multi Function Clock Application"
"none"
"my first repo"
"WP starter theme"
""
""
"A C program that calculates e to the 10,000th place. "
"repo for my cloud pebble apps"
"A repo to hold the HSBNE Tumblr blog theme."
"Test_project_Cucumber_PO_Watir"
"PE Rotations"
"Test"
"A place to gather info about current calls for presenters http://knode.io"
""
""
"Server for a SSO service."
"GridOne usage documents. "
"A TeamCity plugin for the Trigger.io command-line build tools"
"git demo"
"Patches for various improvements to KiCad"
""
"SIFT3 Algorithm"
"It's gonna blow your mind"
""
"helpers used in integration and unit tests of apis endpoints"
"Simple blackjack player vs computer with AngularJS running on NodeJS "
"Make any image into ascii art with jQuery on Crossrider as a cross-platform browser extension"
"A java client for Diffbot's RESTful API that fills any java class with the appropriate data according to it's fields' names"
"Small random exercises"
"Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js"
""
"Adds a menu to the WordPress admin bar that consists of helpful webmaster links."
"Gnome RSS Wallpaper Updater"
"A tiny League of Legends API library for Node.js and browsers."
"Window Basic Game, Heart!"
""
""
"Fetch pure HTML from a webserver and save it to disk"
"Data Structure and Algorithm"
""
"A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin"
"Yeelight Blue Tasker plugin"
"dotfiles"
"Properly defer your JavaScript files for increased performance"
"Implementation of different searching algorithms"
"Gradient Descent in R/Rcpp/RcppArmadillo"
"Implements Publish/Subscribe messaging paradigm."
""
""
""
"Monkey patch providing syntactic sugar and spice atop the node-postgres client library"
""
"Repository for www.OrangeCountySEOMarketing.com"
"Minimal clone of python's ""SimpleHTTPServer"""
"A minimalistic theme for Sublime Text that comes in 2 flavours."
"test"
"Repository for my FYP robot code"
"Totem plugin for viewing streams from the HD Homerun Prime without DLNA"
"Gen Y Edu Game(Cocos2d-x, Box2D)"
"is a form of data analysis that extracts models describing important data classes. Such models, called classifiers, predict categorical (discrete, unordered) class labels."
""
"Test Plugin for WordPress that allows users to add Global Message anywhere on the blog."
""
"Implementations of various machine learning algorithms. "
"A random beat track generator"
"Mirror of  vim-scripts /c.vim version 6.1"
"Android library implement drag GridView item to change with animation"
"A small program that grabs forum titles every minute"
"Spoj.pl Solutions"
""
"vim rc files and configurations"
"A super lightweight visual HSL, RGB and hex color picker with a responsive, touch-friendly and customizable UI. Compatible with jQuery or Zepto."
""
"A PHP client library for the BigOven API"
"rails tutorial"
"Node.js web app to collect your thoughts, and organize your ideas in a visually intuitive way."
"PoC for canopy style testing framework for winforms/win32 etc using System.Windows.Automation"
"Update the year in files."
""
""
""
"Mountainvew Christian Reformed website.  Work on v2.0 as a Drupal site."
""
"Unity prefabs for the Planet Cute texture pack"
"."
"A Mimosa 2.0 module for Coco compiling"
"Javascript Function Parser"
""
"Simple tool to download videos from edX-based sites"
"Avare feedback."
"kkk"
""
"Functional constructor for Neo4j queries and their results."
""
"Launch Academy rails challenge. TDD and no scaffolding."
"Thu dua source code len phat nao"
""
""
"The framework behind the server."
""
"my resume"
""
"A wrapper around the basic pattern I generally use for compojure projects"
"os"
""
"JPtacek.com Public site"
"An Alcor6L module to control a 128x64 glcd device"
"Code from the Developer's Perspective blog"
"Static content for"
"Cloning Revo Lights with arduino"
"blank"
"record the thing I should record"
"An implementation of Paillier cryptography in Python"
"Controlling a CW tranceiver with an Arduino board."
""
"A Game Template I developed that is similar to games like Mafia Wars. (Not 100% complete)"
""
"A basic Ruby and Cucumber introduction"
"Sample iOS game developed with Objective-c, colour memory"
"counting shopping malls in shenzhen"
""
"This project uses machine learning algorithms to analyze waiting time at DMV offices. "
"Create a configurable rpm from your grails artifacts"
""
""
"My first repo"
"loterry test"
"Demonstrates a bug in the newrelic java notifier v3.2.0 when using clojure."
""
""
"uncle leo, hello"
""
""
"mystore"
"Custom JS/CSS to make Wikipedia pages more comfortable to read"
""
""
"Fontset file editor for CHIP-8 emulator"
"Unlimited* cloud storage"
"Test1"
""
""
"practice in webGL & common gamedev "
"Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL"
"Leap motion control for a high-fiving robot arm."
"A little Github Pages File"
"A collection of specialized monitors for gollector"
"Journal Article: ""Interval enforceable properties of finite groups"""
"Expert System for Hospitals and healthposts."
""
"simple web "
"GLTest"
""
"Sample code that shows how to embed a youtube video player in an Objective-c application using UIWebViews"
"UltimaROM for the Galaxy S3 i9300"
"Converting Human Years to Dog Years"
""
"Cookie synchronization plugin for Firefox"
"An iOS always-on sound recording app"
"Dr Cyan is a simple Choose Your Own Adventure engine based on Markdown files."
"dotfiles"
"Andrew Ng Introduction to Machine Learning Coursera"
""
"Repo for running basic Data Mining scripts"
""
""
"Collected resources about Facebook's React"
"Visualization of Suicides in India"
""
"reminiscence"
"Ship and fleet creator for Full Thrust and related games"
""
""
"Useful systemtap scripts for Linux kernel debugging"
"Name GUID IP and Reason why"
"An AngularJS web app for wdesigns.co"
"RPM build scripts for PrestoDB"
""
""
"Proof of concept before forking Angular-Client-Side-Auth-Master"
"A Site to host NIT Calicut's Koder's Haven Updates and News about Contest's"
""
""
""
"Diet Application"
"An iOS component for sighting a point using the camera and compass."
"Android Tutorials"
"This is an initial step to practice Python and Git "
"iPenTest (previously a Metasploit iOS POC)"
"OpenGL with GLFW and Red/System"
"Javascript API and Ruby Templates for creating movable overlay windows on a web page and more."
""
"Hacks to Dashing (by Shopify) to make it work with Elastic Beanstalk"
"an iOS component for drawing on an image"
"An automata syntax in Sweet.js "
"Smartify ABCs, Math, and Sight Words"
"A perl web app for a petition signing page. I hope no one is using this. Don't."
"Depth first maze builder in Scala"
""
"Home automation system to control the heating system"
""
""
"A beautiful, modern Ghost theme"
""
""
"crud_helper.rb  "
"A simple tool to help you relax on your Couch."
""
"A Light PBX for the Plivo Cloud and Framework"
"XDI Tutorial"
"personal website source code"
"android developer's first sample application"
"Organized  iOS networking framework"
"Safe process variable for Node App Engine"
"Resources related to the history of the Web"
""
"test"
""
""
""
"Singleton class for In App Purchases for iOS development"
"Auxiliary system functions, such as shutdown restart"
"open source http server"
"Some tools to check iointegrity"
"An extension for Brackets that generates the 'base HTML code' much like DreamWeaver does."
"Created using Windows Form Application in C#. Program utilizes Color Class to display picture. Common functions are performed, including flip, rotate, invert and resize."
"Make sense of omics data with graph database + mining + visualization."
"this is our code "
""
"Recreated using Visual Studio C#. Included a menu system and three levels of difficulty to enhance user experience."
"A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress."
"A little generator for LICENSE files"
"A lightweight SASS mixin library and responsive CSS layout engine."
"Webplate is an awesome front-end framework that lets you stay focused on building your site or app all the while remaining really easy to use."
"Python client for cryptocurrency exchanges"
""
"vim configuration"
"Coming up with simple calculator application from scratch in WPF"
""
"a collection of my dotfiles for easy cloning"
""
"Codebase for research on the existential theory of the reals."
"A Firefox extension for better tab handling."
""
""
"See Trash Differently"
""
"Beautiful Graphs"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app"
"Userscripts for taobao"
"FrontEnd Framework For Dynamic Loading Of Views, Standard and custom Event Broadcast and Propagation"
"this is a opencart ebs payment gateway solution "
"Docker config for a ghost setup. Extra: nginx vhost config template with performance optimizations"
"edX course programs"
"Mini Pro Assembler "
""
"Image Snipper"
"A packet-level multi-channel spectrum simulator, suitable for testing of Bluetooth 4.0 LE."
"Perform common transforms on sequences of maps"
"The demo app for Ruby on Rails tutorial"
"Takes ESRI JSON as a POST request and stores it in PostGIS. Sends a shapefile as a download for requested record."
""
"Background service to collect android application's usage "
"playing with clojure, heroku, and mongo. Fuck I love functional languages. Feels like math, and gets shit done."
"Groonga(Rroonga) wrapper for use as the KVS."
"isocontour and volumetric mesh generation from volume data."
"This is how a typical javascript project with jasmine BDD framework would look like."
""
"Graphene"
""
"Racket Tracker"
""
"First website that's not personal. Incorporates LESS"
""
""
"Python scripts to design and check primer stats for PCR "
"Built version of the 40yog"
"Guesses the answers to multiple choice questions using Bing's Search API."
""
""
"base on openstack, it is a project Container"
"dnsbl"
"Bump any semvar JSON version with gulp (gulpjs.com)"
""
""
"Jenkins buddy to create jenkins easily, require jenkins-job-builder"
"This is a description"
""
"Simple  levenshtein() wrapper"
"Special version of the new Robot Builder (version 0.0.2) that compiles code that uses WPILibExtensions"
"SyllogismRXS' Arduino projects, scripts, and extras."
"Setup android dev env for mac os x"
"Event datetime formatting for Liquid templates"
""
"A Rubik's Cube timer app that saves your previous times."
"for practice"
"Just a testing repository."
""
""
"python nanomsg rpc"
"GithubTest"
"My personal page"
"My portfolio website."
""
"Networked hex grid."
"Portfolio"
"threadlibClone"
"A To Do Application"
""
""
"miscellaneous scripts"
"Resolver"
""
"Flexure is a lightweight middleware mechanism for fast real-time communication."
""
"Synchronized code relies on a simple kind of reentrant lock. This kind of lock is easy to use, but has many limitations."
"hello-world"
"Tool to gather information from IRC servers"
"IRC (Internet Relay Chat) daemon written in Java using the Akka actor system"
"Hosted Multi-tenant Web and Native Publish-Subscribe Event Channel for Google App Engine"
"Ed Hatrick-Smith's Portfolio site"
"Netty 3.x extend"
"Demo rails app"
"using nn to predict chinese union lotto"
"SDF - signed distance function generation from input triangle mesh"
"very simple logistics project, only for exercise."
"http://blog.falafel.com/blogs/BasemEmara/basem-emara/2014/01/02/getting-started-with-web-components"
"UIKit port of SpinKit"
"A program for those who love Doraemon"
"quiz solution with shon"
""
"my blog"
"A Node.js locker for your stuff"
"info system backend service(Python+Flask+MongoDB)"
"A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only."
"Adds functionality to jQuery deferreds that act like normal deferred methods but also can pass along properties on the deferreds when they are piped.  Probably most useful for ensuring your AJAX deferreds keep their XHR methods as you use the deferred cha"
"Internationalize is a ruby library for transfering your local Rails (-version > 3.0 ) project to an I18n format.  It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file, then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate meth"
"Simple readers-writer lock in Ruby"
"she is in the campire chatting room"
""
""
""
"Parents Concern"
"JS utility for pinning elements to the viewport on scroll"
""
""
""
""
"Dockerode wrapped with promises."
"pyside newbie tutorials"
"NLP over post-game sportsperson interviews. How do they differ by gender, time of year, sport, country in terms of emotions (ego, pride, happiness, testosteroniness)"
"Personal Practice at AI using a checkers game"
"Elementary data structures in go."
"India 2047 Energy Calculator"
"Bash scripts to verify directory structure, file permissions, or command output."
"Rick Sladkey's Site"
""
"a MySQL proxy powered by Go"
"Various inventory management tools for Minecraft servers running CraftBukkit"
""
"built.io supports notifications for iOS and Android. In Android, push notifications are provided by the GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) Service. To setup GCM, follow: http://developer.android.com/google/gcm/gs.html"
"A simple sinatra boilerplate + twitter bootstrap (v3) to build a simple kick ass website"
"implementation of the 4 row game"
""
"WP-Environments"
""
"FreeBQ"
""
"A jump-start for my projects."
":love_letter: Compose responsive email templates easily, fill them with models, and send them out."
"Crypto module provides data encryption and digital signature, it may also be used to generate certificates."
"ember example 1"
"Python code based generative art."
"android tutorial"
"A webapp to view photos and organize them into albums."
"Vpn for android"
"This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton"
"Evolution you can do at home"
"source code & docs to LuciferCoin"
""
"Plugin For socialshare-windows phonegap"
""
""
""
"Name Service Switch Service that uses an HTTP server as a backend."
"a binary game for arduino"
""
"taxi-customer"
"Access Flickr's API via Jsonp from your browser"
"rails"
"NYR Defense Top Down Shooter"
"A proper place to keep my conf files and scripts."
"SocialSharing-PhoneGap 3.x.x-Plugin"
"inital"
"Using type-classes for optional function arguments."
"Proprietary blobs for sony c2105"
"A standalone server for getting an instagram widget about a single user."
"This is a test"
"Various utility classes 3946 has written"
""
"Signup sms activation. Without email."
"College ML course exercises."
"html page"
"Initial testing repository"
""
""
"A basic application to look for ppl to share cabs with. Has minimum functionality with FB oauth. Frontend uses bootstrap."
"Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery"
"Checking metrics on C/C++/Java and maybe C# code from early 2000s"
""
""
"a cloud test"
"Github hosted web site"
"Matrix Framework for Board Games and Apps"
""
"Nim game opponent and solver in Prolog."
"AngularJS + Rails 4 running on PostreSQL. RSpec for testing."
"Schedule your day to the half hour. Be glorious."
"Lesson 3"
""
"Quantitative Finance"
"Pure Python module for reading and writing metadata as raw XMP packets in various file formats."
"My German language notes"
""
"Modern, clean, and customizable Question2Answer theme"
"README.md example"
""
""
"Skip wait time while going to external link on appfull.net website."
"HGFA logbook"
""
"a personal URL shortener for Chrome"
"Minimal library for parsing and printing node stacktrace"
"An IRC bot for creating channel archives"
"The most basic anonymous online game. My first side project with AJAX tech."
"blazing fast npm search utility"
""
"Playing with Koa and AngularJS"
""
""
""
"the house"
"A simple jQuery plugin for date selection."
""
""
"Vision - sample app for Advanced Express Web Application Development by Andrew Keig"
"A tool for extracting and showing some statistical information about software projects; Based on Git, CLOC and git-score."
"ZoomMod for minecraft"
""
"A docker image which my sites are based on."
"Scripts and tools for working with GDELT and the Global Knowledge Graph"
""
"Javascripts for theming.toolkit extension"
""
"hot tub controller server"
""
"A small javascript browser based game of ""running from the thorns"". Uses a game JS library ""Gamelib""by Brent Silby"
"ImageViewer For testing"
"watch all water information"
""
""
"my operating system test"
""
""
"Loja Virtual com Cake Php"
"Work in progress."
"chatrooms sample using NodeJS"
""
""
"Force directed graph layout"
"study django"
""
"My Blog"
"Test Node.js"
"a simple solar system in HTML and CSS, based on the one on Codecademy. This one includes a moon."
""
"Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in Erlang"
"A demo cucumber project"
"the first app for rails tutorial"
"Device config for Xperia L"
"simple Node HttpServer with a cache."
"A programmable 10 button combination lock"
"Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in JavaScript"
"A few tips for beginning with Spring Data JPA"
"A classic top-down shooter written in C++, inspired by the arcade classic, Space Invaders."
""
""
"This plugin WordPress includes a button that appears when the user scrolls the scroll bar when you click the button the user is taken to the top of the site."
"Grunt task to build node webkit applications"
""
"An example for creating the zoom effect of the photo present in Icarousel view."
"nlangp-001"
"2014 Robot Code"
""
""
"Java formulae for Homebrew"
"draw shadow under view"
""
"Canvas game"
"Compile-time balanced AVL tree in Haskell"
"UINavigationItem+Padding"
"A web app and HTTP client for snapchat."
"Code example of  Volley Framework for HTTP requests."
"Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in PHP"
""
"my Uboot"
""
"this's my phpcms2.0"
"Variational Dirichlet Process Gaussian Mixture Models"
"toy projects"
"History of the World visualized in a timeline"
"Created by studio"
"A hit target game developed using Greentfoot tool. Implemented GoF design patterns: Factory method, Strategy, Observer, Facade."
"PHP Forum Facebook Style"
"Study the MEF and introduce the Team if it's worth to dig deep and study the source code of MEF"
"Pixelcoin"
""
"A mini fun piece of code to smash cracks on most websites."
"Enhanced Police Information Management System"
"Data structures, algorithms, other stuff that isn't building a ""thing."""
"A grunt plugin to compile c# assemblies"
"tamina library for haxe"
""
"The day I saw you and we met each other"
""
"Simple Dependency Injection"
"this is a quicke one hour app to demonstrate what a subscriber to an interactive news site might look like"
"Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in Perl"
""
""
""
"lam"
"android proj"
"KUAS-EP"
""
"This is a presentation about writing async programs in Go."
"A python function works on Windows that parse the IP addresses of the computer"
":mouse: Explain Explainer for MySQL Queries."
""
"Programming project for Machine Learning at the TUM in WS13/14."
"send background email from IOS"
"Website for FulPruf"
""
""
""
"Nitpicker - an overly picky language style checker"
"games"
""
""
""
"start android"
""
"Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala"
"Repo for team ""Excessive Use of -Force"" for the 2014 Winter Scripting Games."
"Caribbean Mathematics Community Resource"
"A WIP Adminmod for Just Cause 2 Multiplayer"
"Appdynamics Reporter"
"Was using pixi, switched to phaser.js. Just trying a small game."
"Simple Books App via Backbone"
"intellij-generate-externalizable"
""
"CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning"
"CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning"
""
"java practice projects"
"learn php"
"Parallel projects repository."
"CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa"
""
"Puppet module to install Redis."
""
""
"Landing page for smoke test of new app"
""
""
"A simple Bottle app for keeping track of eating, exercise and sleeping habits on a daily basis. Designed with groups in mind."
""
"Nuxeo java agent"
""
"luminent-designs"
""
"learning bootsrap"
""
""
""
""
"Replaces script references with Google CDN ones"
"just learning git"
"Cowork Website"
""
"Gala night web site code"
""
"Pandora/Goodreads for games - enter the games you've played and how well you liked them, get recommendations."
"Experimenting with Github pages"
"The rebirthed, remade version of the original smbx-install-util who got killed by GitHub's shitty merge funtion. RIP"
"Mini project hex"
""
""
""
"Drupal Media Submodule"
"Public Site"
"simple distributed twitter analog"
""
""
"Analysis and Visualization of a survey of undergraduates at Columbia"
""
""
""
"NGS data simulator"
"Population genetics analyses from NGS data"
"Utilities to manipulate NGS data files"
"multithreaded audio converter"
""
"Extend of QuestionBank getting advantage of 3-Tier architecture"
"This repo has all my (Java) projects related to graphs"
"CpE Senior Design Project"
""
""
""
"Welcome to Grocery Simulator 2016! Where all of your desires and dreams are grounded up into a fine pink powder and sold on the black market."
""
"Website Repository"
"Website for code projects"
"design pattern"
"That game"
""
"markdown-site"
"Using to test to build server without actually messing with pcore"
""
""
""
"Official website the Nutrons FRC Team 125"
"ZMODEM file transfer between machines via a serial crossover cable."
"YWOT History, yes, this is what it runs on, github. :D"
"Pytest fixture tools"
"Summarise page masters in a FO document."
"A chrome extension the organizes downloads by file types"
"Python keylogger"
""
""
""
"Arbimatch"
"A simple JavaScript/Canvas game."
"various"
"kathy's code"
"Responsive Animative HTML5 Slider"
"Web animation"
"An Application that allows easy and quick access to common tasks such as searching for something on Wikipedia or opening a Folder."
"TU-Wien, TicketLine 2.0"
"Python wrapper around the public and trading APIs of MercadoBitcoin.com.br"
"Github playground"
"cmdlets / droplets for various filebot calls"
""
"Avatec - Cookie Warning Window packaged for Meteor"
"Standard Tab"
""
""
"Implemented AWS elastic transcoder service using AWS Java API."
""
"Leprechaun"
"sczr lift"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample App"
""
""
""
"Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in CSS"
"collaborative repository to practice coding."
"Nodejs module to run c# compiler"
""
""
"One Time Pad"
""
""
""
"my solutions for leetcode"
""
""
""
""
"A place to experiment with idea's for Time.Ltd"
""
"forked repo"
"Async Thrift Clients"
"sfroom"
"A library for developer to indicate whether a view is scrollable"
""
"Python Battery Graph"
"A code-golfed chip8 emulator in JS"
"Web based application to create and alter basic operations on AWS EC2 instances."
"This linter plugin for SublimeLinter provides an interface to ESLint"
""
""
"Zoomable D3 project"
"AIDLSensorsServices"
"A collection of additional tasks for Phing"
""
"Creating a particle system in C++ for learning purposes.  Uses SDL2 for graphics."
"A web server for an online chatroom implementation"
"Precompile your static Middleman site when you push to Heroku"
""
"Vote for your dream!"
""
"[DYSFUNCTIONAL] A cross-platform, 'low-level' library using OpenFL written in Haxe with a focus on features, clarity, and platform optimization."
""
"Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)"
""
"Simple Mule Application "
"morph animation between two svg path arrays"
""
"Convert decimal to rational fraction in JS. Freedom code with open source"
"Setup android dev env for mac os x using chef"
"An infinity based theme for Conky."
""
"idek meng"
"First project with bootstrap"
"Beej Sockets, Thoughts and Notes"
"high performance image processing library and tools"
""
"A simple tool for administrating /etc/alternatives"
""
""
""
"!WARNING! Application not finished! Realtime chat with moderation mode - moderators can publish only hand-picked messages, which can be useful in Q&A sessions. Node and Angular."
"SublimeLinter plugin for php, using phpmd."
"first version. the format of elements is (int, int). Simplest hash function, just %."
""
""
"Various configuration files"
"Santa is an arcade video game where the player has to open some gifts and avoid some others."
""
"Example to show org.pm4j in JavaFX"
"Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in C++"
"A twitter client by @fxspec06 and @JakeMorrison24. Mostly me."
""
"tentang django image processing"
"XML parsing with errors for OCaml"
"Display recent Google contacts list with their Name, Email and Phone numbers.  "
"A document version control and sharing platform, for projects, challenges."
"This will be my autorec plugin stuff..."
"parse"
"TwitCasting-rb is a TwitCasting API wrapper in Ruby implements."
"learn spring step by step"
"Android Project Templates and Code Modules"
""
"Python Smart Feed library"
""
"Demo of drag drop queue for iOS"
"overseer.js A light weight, simple Object.observe shim"
"Schema-Inspector is an JSON API sanitisation and validation module."
"android_device_moto_stingray"
"android_device_moto_everest"
"An extension methods to simplify javascript."
"Web version of mastercoin-wallet (https://github.com/mastercoin-MSC/mastercoin-wallet)"
"bot_blog_com"
""
""
"An alternative solution to replace the getFrameAt method of Android MediaMetadataRetriever. FrameGrabber uses MediaCodec to decode video frame and use OpenGL to convert the video frame as RGB Bitmap. As Android MediaMetadataRetriever does not guarantee to"
"ReactiveCocoa and ReactiveViewModel demo"
""
"Public repository for the www.wholetsplay.com website"
""
"Responsive Websites Using Twitter BootStrap"
"Scalable, OctopusDeploy-powered webfarm using Windows Azure Web Roles."
"Interactive Multimedia Rich Educational Environment for Special Collection Libraries"
""
"A Convient Stereo Photo Generator"
"Trivial example of log4j integration with Logentries in Scala"
""
""
"leetcode"
"a Backbone.Model formatting extension"
"The card game Blackjack written for Rails"
"Appends selectors after CSS transitions"
"A Jenkins plugin that performs Gatekeepering by merging 'feature' branches with 'release' branches."
"candybar menu"
""
"Online Digital Bible"
"Prospero"
"Support for running native code by Arquillian"
""
"A Donation API made for every day products, but mostly based around Minecraft."
""
"111"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Berufsschulprojekte"
"Altium design directory template"
"Simple CoreMotion CMMotionActivity test app. Requires device with M7 motion co-processor."
"A sample application which demonstrates how to use JAX-RS to expose OIM information RESTFully"
"deva - semantic search (backend)"
"work of lee"
"An introduction to AngularJS"
"Wrapper for eBay API. Bundle for Symfony2"
"Custom dynamic, animated wallpaper for iOS 7."
"FSR Beta"
""
"Code relating to the Robocook kitchen cooking simulator."
"Tips for converting a Spring Boot App JAR to a deploy anywhere WAR with Maven"
""
"Music directory to JSON"
"CxEngage Developers Portal"
""
""
"The test app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Send message by group, by friendly greet, with name at least ~"
"Week 3 Assignment"
"Happy.ph Mobile App"
""
"a gorgeous color scheme for AppCode"
"For WDI PW2 work"
""
"Modify apache htpasswd by python"
""
"Android extension for OpenFL for Localytics"
""
"Android extension for OpenFL for Flurry"
""
"Metadata for 108th United States Congress"
"This learning encounter details the process for creating learning encounters using Reveal.js, Git, and GitHub."
"a Elixir port of shadowsocks"
""
"dispatcher"
""
"A visual language for casanova"
""
"Create a box which include openjdk 1.7, Apache Hadoop 1.2.1 and Apache Hive 0.11.0"
"A repository to hold translations of MyAlerts in various languages."
""
"Home Map"
"cosine similarity"
"Web-based front-end for the sr4.sql database"
"Enigma2 Virtual Zap Plugin with picon widget"
""
"LaTeX linter plugin for SublimeLinter 3, using chktex."
"Test"
"""Guess the Number"" JavaScript challenge repo"
"Gibbs sampler in R with proto"
""
""
""
"test1"
""
"Guido.js provides musical tools for Javascript -- Write. Morph. Display. Play."
""
"A Location Based Micro-Blogging Application for UC Santa Barbara"
""
""
"Database tool"
""
"Project on Raspberry Pi."
"SA:MP dynamic player signatures. [MySQL/INI]"
""
"a template for a node.js project with grunt, coffeescript, less, jade"
"Python LIFX reverse engineered"
""
""
"phalcon-basics"
"An awesome timeline app"
"Powershell CoreService Page Publisher for SDL Tridion 2011"
""
""
"Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka ""Harmony"") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service."
""
"Locazik"
""
"AngularJS Simple Cart Implementation"
"pushState friendly static file server, with koa"
"Launch Academy practice app"
""
""
"Export your database as a Laravel Migration. And export your DB data as a seed file. Finally sync all this with your remote server."
"Takes screenshots of 1-n OS X application windows every few seconds"
"Read Debian control files with node"
"just test"
""
""
""
"Adds one time token support for devise"
""
"One monkey to patch them all."
"Ultimate Command Blocker for Bukkit, Spigot and BungeeCord!"
""
""
""
"A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com."
"Minecraft mods' .lang translator"
"Qt5 port of https://gitorious.org/heebo"
""
"A React JSX asset loader for Optimus."
""
"front_end"
"dJAX Ad Exchange "
"my dot emacs"
"Just Testing"
""
"EmailSmurfer - Extract email addresses from email header on Apple Mail (OSX)"
""
"New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!"
"The code could analysis JSON data to object"
"A simple bookmarklet to show/hide text on a webpage, revealing the design underneath"
""
"Serial port controls for WPF"
""
"A drag and drop module for angularjs"
"Monte Carlo simulator for determining average multipliers for leaders in the mobile game Puzzle and Dragons"
"Portfolio Tool is a static site generator (think jekyll, hyde, pelican, etc) for porfolios. It simplifies the process of making a portfolio to simply organizing the work in folders and generating the site."
""
"SlopeGraph Extension for QlikView (using D3)."
""
"Yet another blog."
"run phantomjs as a network service"
"All my spoj work"
"Introduction to Python's decorators"
""
"SFML in Lua"
"A collection of CSS3 powered hover effects to be applied to links, buttons, logos, SVG, featured images and so on. Easily apply to your own elements, modify or just use for inspiration. Available in CSS, Sass, and LESS."
""
"Attempt to emulate the Unix sudo command in Windows."
"Main Lib"
"NBA.rb is a Ruby library for retrieving NBA League games, schedules, teams and players."
"Simon says game clone"
"Convert a folder with images to an ePub file. Great for comics and manga!"
"Monitoring and Alerting Project to work with Owlintuition Multicast Information"
""
"NAT: Wrapper for informal neuroanatomy AnalysisSuite codebase"
"Java"
"Server for HTTP fixtures"
""
"User authentication by domain"
"Yet another Expect for Java"
"A Chrome extension that allows you to add a page as an event on Google Calendar or download a file to save it to Outlook or iCal, acting as a reminder to come back"
"Add stub_model and mock_model to rspec-mocks"
""
""
"Sehah Paht App, an android app that displays gurbani tukhs in sync with a sehaj paht recordings."
"A comments application"
"Super simple javascript UI to make it easier to manage really long URLs"
"Nothing currently"
"A college campus safety app to send a user's GPS location to campus police in case of emergencies. Made originally for the Drew Everson Safety Challenge 2013 at Duke University, now available publicly for commercial and non-commercial uses. "
"Tool for quickly reviewing lists."
"Following the timeline of notifications."
""
"Image tracking with getUserMedia"
"A Laravel package to upload videos to a YouTube channel"
"Repository for a JCA Test Mail Resource Adapter by using the GreenMail test framework"
"Use BASS lib to detect song BPM"
"UICollectionView-backed representation of a user's path through a menu hierarchy"
"Fay preprocessor for herringbone"
"Simple tools for building card games in python."
"PHP5 MVC Framework"
"Node.js module to format big uint numbers from a byte array or a Buffer"
"Repository to store user data. This repository contains scripts/pgms to store user log information in hbase and provides a indexed, unified view of user activity. "
"Simple Hello World app"
"Presence Firefox OS Tribe App"
"An Example code with custom bundle, REST,OAuth,API Documenation,FOSUser"
"Persistent World Game"
"A maze generator in JavaScript"
"My 180 day project of coding each and every day."
"An IRC bot written in C++"
"GitPages"
""
"Sample client app to authenticate against IndieAuth-enabled domains"
"PHP skeleton for doing coding katas (PHPUnit, mockery, phpspec and prophecy)"
"Engauge"
"STM32 USB-HID demo project, and utilitities"
"Simple IndexedDB API"
""
"Gem to provide simple drop-down select for (ISO-639-1) languages."
"This is my first helloworld phonegap app"
"new type wargame"
"Practice with the full stack, writing acceptance tests, shedding scaffolding"
"The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org"
"A custom ListView that its item view can been sliding left. Reference to the app Wechat which was released by Tencent Inc."
""
"simple dir require with convenient functionality"
"A circular (loading spinner) ProgressBar for Android that let you customize the colors of the loading spinner"
"A bunch of utilities and convenience methods for simpy."
"A bibtex parser and renderer to easily publish your publications in your homepage"
"Hyde source for http://nolat.org"
""
"Top JavaScript MVC Framework Rankings (for the Intridrea Blog)"
""
"Helper scripts for UltimateFishbot"
""
"A chrome extenstion to add list navigation item to top nav in chrome"
"A generic admin theme built with Bootstrap 3 free for both personal and commercial use. "
"Repository for the skonf daemon"
"some pentesting tools (scripts, modules, etc.)"
""
"Recursively locks all files in a given SVN directory. (For migrating source code over to git ;))"
"A Yeoman generator for advanced Backbone/Marionette/RequireJS web applications."
"immutable workstation and server solutions"
"MyFirstGitTest : http://www.raywenderlich.com/22590/beginning-automated-testing-with-xcode-part-12"
"Guadalinex v9 meta package with compiled version of firefox 24.2.0"
"HorizonPE is a totally awesome and open source mod menu for minecraft Pocket Edition. It is under development for now"
""
"Hy on Adderall - a miniKanren implementation in Hy"
"simple neural net with ansi c"
"Execute thunks in parallel with concurrency support"
"A port of the Hyde Jekyll theme to Statamic"
"Simple to use DB handler for PHP"
"eventBase"
"jneer | notes"
"Easy SSL setup for MySQL"
"A webapp for storing and retrieving blobs. Use with HttpBlobStore"
"Mockup of the flu dashboard"
"Freeland extras for Neverball"
""
"A skeleton theme for creating themes for the wonderful Anchor CMS"
"Elastic search based index for Peragro metadata"
"Test"
"my blog site"
""
"Test"
"Arduino Libs & Examples: ADS1147, ADS7846, DAC8760, DS1307, RV8523, MCP2515, RedFly, WS2812, MI0283QT2, MI0283QT9, MI0283QT11, HX8347D, ILI9341, SSD1331"
"simple simple simple test app that is virtually useless"
"Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge"
"The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Sample Repository for Git EXP"
""
"Open-source Memory game in Javascript."
"Simple Upstart template"
"practice with material for technical interviews"
"Javaguru.lv training"
"#1GAM - January - Respawn"
""
"A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme"
"Defacto Dev Blog"
"this is front end project of css3 and html 5"
"Flickr: Tools for downloading, munging, analyzing Flickr data"
"DashTube extension for the DashClock lock screen widget"
"Starter code and unit tests for Rosalind challenges"
"RTL2832U SDR with HTML5 UI using websockets"
"Get Taiwan stock information"
"Search the KInetic Database for Astrochemistry"
""
"SiteForge is a powerful static website generator built on Node.js"
"Tools for Instagram: API, downloading images, analyzing images, SNA"
"A sample Google Glass app using the Glass API"
""
"Crawler for aquiring covers for HTTP steganographic transport"
""
""
"Just a little test-repository. The files in this repo are not meant to be used in any way (and mostly don't work)."
"An Expectation-Maximization algorithm to infer mutational signatures"
"Modification of WPExplorer's Tetris WP Theme"
"Extensions Library for ippie52 applications"
""
"This is a file server that has an email user interface (EUI).  It uses IMAP and SMTP"
"A soft 3D engine for the Pebble(R) smart watch"
""
"I am a demo"
"Utilities related to JDO"
"muxnote"
"RetweetPattern"
"A test using dropbox API"
"spacejs.org & My BT Young Scientist Project."
"kuldeep"
"A tool for watching changes in files. Written in coffee as a substitute for inotify, makes use of the fs.watch commands."
""
""
"Formatted TAP output like Mocha's spec reporter"
""
"ActiveRecord-backed data store for Dragonfly"
"A pure Ruby implementation of the GeoModel concept for enabling Geospatial Queries in Non-SQL environments"
"Micro-site for Eric's naming day"
"Strip comments from JSON. Lets you use comments in your JSON files!"
"Includes file upload into wikipages depending on the user rights."
"SmartEinkaufszettel"
"Generate an optimal rootfs hybridize list of files that should be symlinked to NFS mount and not required before NFS mount happens"
"bread products website "
"GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format"
"my testing ground"
"Source code"
"PhantomJS Ghost Driver launcher"
"Sublime Text config files"
"Live Wallpaper"
"Wireless Forensics Framework In Python"
"A fast and portable CouchDB command line utility. "
""
""
"A Ruby script that opens many programs at the same time. Used for when turning on my machine in the morning"
"Go library for working with ID3 tags in mp3 files."
"Guadalinex v9 meta package with compiled version of firefox 24.2.0 32bits"
"testapp"
""
"Elegant Line Graphs for iOS (charting library)"
"An event organizer for javascript"
"Tray icon to list/start/stop VMs"
"Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course"
""
""
"three.js extension for a bad tv postprocessing"
"Small macros, scripts, etc to make life easier"
"The Flask framework step by step tutorial codes."
"My solution to http://www.hacker.org/coil/"
"Placeholder views for iOS"
""
""
""
"Angular/Socket.io experiment card game"
"An android tank game."
"R and GRASS scripts for the RS-GIS Ecol book"
""
""
"Think gnome-keyring but using gpg-agent instead of a buggy daemon. Intended for use OfflineIMAP, mutt, or similar applications"
"Go Web API Framework"
".vim "
""
"Copy changed blocks from one file to another"
"Install/Configure HHVM using Opscode Chef"
""
"A RequireJS plugin for loading and compiling (with r.js) JavaScript files containing JSX."
""
"Common Grunt tasks shared by several Muzzley projects"
""
"My settings"
"Fizz Buzz PHP"
""
""
"A Web page DOM grabber based on Phantom.JS."
"Securely sync SSH credentials between shell accounts and JuiceSSH with the Sonelli.com CloudSync service."
"Ruby client for finn.no ads REST API"
"Cross-compiler"
"A directory of ruby conferences and their CFP"
"Ruby tetris, with fancy graphics and sick jazz music."
"Using jQuery to create a set of filters based on 6 Hat thinking and Oblique Strategies"
"A library for controlling a keyboard output with an Arduino Leonardo or Micro via NES controller."
""
"Cryptocurrency test coin"
"A boilerplate for Laravel application."
""
":bookmark: Fast Chrome bookmark searcher for Alfred."
"Sailing Logbook"
""
""
"Yeoman generator for Assemble plugins. "
"Irssi JOIN/QUIT smart filter for busy channels"
"Javascript Combo Box"
"Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble."
"source code for html "
"DirectX defered renderer"
"python implementation of inference and learning in Hidden Markov Models (HMM)"
"CherryPy wsgiserver for TiddlyWeb"
"sed (stream editor) with structural expressions"
"Easily bind AngularJS scope properties to your URL hash."
"flatten multipart geometries and geometrycollections in geojson"
"Quick Status Bar Menu on OS X that allows you to quickly paste code on @DHowett's ghostbin.com."
""
"Promo pages for Opari"
"The STEAMnet/Opari API"
"Simple carousel without any complicated stuff around it"
"Automatic impressionist style drawing"
"This is my test repo."
""
""
"Crowdsourced treasure hunts using Google Maps and geolocation"
""
"iOS forensics utility"
"Check if a given mail address exists on a mail server"
""
""
"Application for the creation of Linux root filesystem images"
"Launch and stop HTTP Server before/after each tests"
"Yield the first async value returned for the co generator library"
"Session store container which provides transparent access"
"display a stream of circulation activity for a Voyager ILS"
"civicrmfr website theme and modules"
""
""
"A playground that I use to learn OpenGL"
"test repository"
"Watir-Webdriver-powered Screenshot Comparison and Testing Tool"
"Single Sign on Application"
"Small tests and examples of AMQP usage with Heroku"
"IZX.php"
"The Simple Website to Edit"
"Keep track of working hours"
""
"A Chat app/hack with Node.js and Socket.io"
"An annoyingly simple chrome extension to let users add their own snippets of CSS and JS to websites."
"This ist just a small game, written by myself in c."
"KANJIDIC2 exploration in Ruby"
""
"Digging into the Sprite Kit rendering engine"
"A simple hadoop based project for learning. This project extracts the discharge summary data and using International Classification of Diseases (ICD) codes will perform the quick search on a specific disease and returns the highest number of other diagnos"
""
"ASDF extensions."
"Multifonction IRC bot written in Node.js"
"NMahjong AI players"
"A Pebble Application Development Kit for Drupal Websites."
""
"A child theme used to test the development of the Thematic theme"
"Implements from scratch the compression algorithm used in JPEG"
"An incremental binary update tool"
"Very basic memory game I made for my kids"
"KeyPad"
"Public website for Refocus Studios"
""
""
"iOS scroll view demo app"
"An rsyslog transport for winston"
""
"Links to StyleGuides used by our team"
""
""
"MapReduce jobs to supplement your Mahout workflow "
"Homebrew tap for power_fixer https://github.com/binchewer/power_fixer"
""
"Collection of actionscript 3 utilities"
"Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data"
" grainbuffer~ is a MSP object that exploits the buffer~ object built into the Max/MSP environment."
"A Grunt plugin that wraps the kinvey business logic command line tool."
"Tidal is a simple stateless aggregator for IMAP email accounts."
"Go app to grab block lists from iblocklist.com"
"My CSS utilities.  Mostly classes that handle generic behavior."
"Toolkit php scripts"
"A weapons mod for minecraft"
"scripts like working with a sqlite database with PHP"
"The Lappland.io blog and website."
"this repository is upgradtion of rails 3 code to rails 4"
"simple java.awt.robot"
"MediaBrowser 3 Plugin "
"My Public Page"
"A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions."
""
"Go QML binding example Youtube player"
"A simple and reliable FQL client"
"unity3d rewrite of the original Warcraft III custom game Island Troll Tribes"
"my user page"
"HTML-based client application of Qchan."
""
"All the XML files required by the QuietTime iPhone App, both in Arabic and in English."
""
"A demo of how to use the SubscriptionBundle"
""
"Bind all sorts of things to html click events"
"A responsive theme for Ghost."
"A Chrome extension that allows you to study and take notes on a selected directory of bookmarks."
"This is a Yo Yo project"
"A Support System inspired by the Ember application"
"Rocket Science aka ""Lunar Lander"", ""Moon Lander"""
""
"A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year."
"Read temperatures from a digitemp output file and insert to a DB"
"LightStor Website"
"This is me."
"Lint your Clojure programs as they run"
"Basic robots.txt generator plugin for Hexo"
""
"My Computercraft programs"
"A standalone HTTP proxy written using asio."
""
"Canvas, lights, platformer, hopefully juicy"
"Auth2Secure provides a base schema for authentication, security and audit. 	Auth2Secure is based on Auth2DB authentication and security modules."
"j2ee work 5/6/7"
""
"Grab a list of game prices from a website"
"Online tool to calculate ""easy"" matrix operations for studying, checking, ... "
""
"Filter files by size recursively"
"2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester"
"A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place."
"looking at classifications of whisky"
""
"A Docker Cassandra container"
"Tiny abstraction over promises and command pattern to ease decoupling in Javascript project."
"money_tr"
""
"Simple todo App built with AngularJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB"
"Parses the useful parts out of a keyboard will show/hide notification"
""
"Php Sms Getway abtxt.com"
""
"Express server that keeps alive a PhantomJS service"
"test project for youtube"
"Trivial flask application to navigate and display images"
"My test of java web app"
"OSGi based FITeagle implementation"
"A javascript player for soundcloud"
"models.py generator for SQLAlchemy and Postgresql"
""
""
""
"The player for Open Audio. "
"Easy wrapping for ALSA"
"novel description optimization"
"A binary watchface for the Pebble smartwatch."
"JavaScript Like Object Language Parser - Library to automatically translate JSLOL to C#."
"Mini_fb"
"Mdpress presentation going through fixes to the bookworm code base"
"The player for Open Audio. "
""
"Write iOS apps in Javascript! JavaScriptBridge provides the way to write iOS apps with JavaScript. Powered by JavaScriptCore.framework."
"simple currying script"
""
"Automata generators for multiple input types (regular expression, right linear grammar etc.)"
"SVG manipulation on with touch or mouse"
""
"Boilerplate template for grunt based projects"
"project for an arduino controlled watering pump with a website to view the moisture and controll the watering events"
""
"Drop@ App"
"Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost"
"Arduino Scrolling 8x8 LED matrix example with library"
""
""
"Todo list application"
"Simple ""Hello world"" application using PIMF micro framework"
"Smart Makefiles"
"Simple app to track maintained cars"
""
"Tupe 1 Guardium STAP for Guardium Data Encryption"
"A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan."
"My tools"
"A Finacial book android app for lazy people"
""
""
"dot_slash_labs"
""
""
"recreating a server + client with communication over connection and connectionless."
"A Puppet module that installs phpMyAdmin"
""
""
""
"my ember.js practice"
""
"HADOOP - wordcount for 1.2.1"
"Source for ReactiveCouchbase website"
""
"Random code samples and some useful routines. Just for fun."
""
"enforce rules on passwords"
""
"David Dumon's blog"
"AngularJS module for advanced working with strings in JS"
"Decrypt Passwords used in TeraTerm Macro TTL files using function getpassword"
"Grunt task to merge multiple coveralls json files"
"Provision a host with tomcat and deploy the selected jar"
"ProxyRouter acts as a proxy server to route requests from one domain to other yet isolating them to communicate directly. It is best suited for auditing and reporting purposes in an environment where many web apps communicating with each other"
"sa_groupbuy_web"
"A Go client library for todo.txt files (http://todotxt.com)"
""
"AngularJS module for working with browser local storage"
"Small script which adapt the brightness of the screen with your web cam."
"objectorientad spelprogrammering"
"Imaging for png/jpg. only support image type of png/jpg, but fast and neat."
""
""
"Miscellaneous IPython notebooks"
""
""
"Advanced angularJS filters"
"movies"
"AngularJS module for advanced working with arrays in JS"
"Todo's"
"track my runs"
""
"A hacker news atom generator"
""
"Distributed Gradient Boosted Regression Trees"
""
""
"Blog"
""
"A client library for communication with XlentMatch."
"CoderByte Programming Challenges"
"Book library loan management (Czech)."
"Python utilities for managing bib files (for bibtex and mainly biblatex)"
"Very simple events plugin built for developers in mind using Bootstrap 3 markup"
""
"This includes new methods for colors and enables users to use hex strings to set gradient colors with image or colors"
""
"Find all open DNS recursors on your (or other) networks."
"a minecraft (craftbukkit) plugin"
"My configuration files"
"Cocos2d-x solution for scene"
"Blog based on Light Framework"
""
"A Promise based API Abstraction over window.localstorage and chrome.storage.local"
"Various stuff that I want to keep in 1 place"
"Personnal mobile app"
"A collection of useful javascript helpers, again."
"new"
"The newswidget on the homepage of LUNF. Created by @rioforce and @le717"
"Zend Framework 1 Service LiveDocx package"
""
"Unity3d FlowFields"
"UUID integration for Drupal Panels"
""
""
"Training materials - handouts and practicals"
"Customized BTYD R package"
"Python wrapper for L-measure"
"This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously "
""
"Practice App"
"windows client "
"This repository contains docker recipes to create predefined containers"
"Value added tax calculator. This application takes an amount including tax and returns an amount without tax and vice versa"
"My first app :D"
""
""
"Go package for the Roomba Open Interface"
"Linear model for 2nd place submission of Kaggle's See Click Predict Fix competition "
"Cloud music player built on Flask with Dropbox Core API"
""
"This is the code that is inteded to go along with the post ""Test-Based coding in Node JS with Mocha"" on the http://bits.hugeinc.com/ site."
"Example repository that is created from an existing project."
""
"Functional roles for ansible configuration management"
""
"Gmail to PDF - exports gmail correspondence to PDF, requires gmail, prawn and highline gems."
"An Alfred workflow for searching papers on INSPIRE"
"Notes, instructions, and scripts for moving sunpig.com from Movable Type to Wordpress"
""
"Check your external IP address for changes"
""
""
"keep vim settings add  shell script"
"Include a hidden div on your WordPress site using a widget"
""
""
""
"Contains examples for CDI using producer methods."
"Source code syntax highlighting: C/C++/Prolog/... -- HLX --> HTML. (college course exercise)"
"A node.js forum application built on meteor"
"Udacity CS253 - Web Development"
"A template for Bash scripts to avoid typing the same code in every script I create"
"Toolkit for working with CRC32 codes from the command line"
"C++ Templates - The Complete Guide"
"A map for Dominions 3 game."
"Go web micro-framework"
""
"Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently."
"Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page"
"Data Structures and Algorithms"
""
"Python introduction tutorial with some sample application"
"Python library for the programmatic generation of markdown text"
"The solution to problems in SICP"
"App that simulate the plant evolution"
"Arduino MEGA 2560 eclipse workspace"
"JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper"
"JavaScript game engine"
"GitHub Organization Page"
""
"A repository for testing the Java concepts and features."
"AP COMPSci Project - Triangle Calculator - Written in Java."
"fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/"
""
"Matrix Framework for Board Games and Apps"
"Lightboxify turns a folder containing images into a lightbox slideshow with a single command."
"The algorithm implementation in Golang"
"Solution to some SPOJ problems"
"New version of gameplan.org.uk anbd gbspn "
""
"Akka Training Project"
"How to structure a Node app"
""
""
"Sample application with Angular.js and Node.js"
""
"Game launcher that installs the game client by torrenting it. This allows for customization of what is being downloaded while still using a default well seeded torrent."
""
"My personal page"
"Code supporting comparativecoding.org"
"IOTDB Connected Home Simulator"
"Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format "
"Custom transition delegate for presenting modal views with a blur background"
""
"Implementation of Razor templating with OWIN"
"Quake Plugin Used On Hypixel's Server"
"socrata-selenium-grid"
""
"BWTheme - A simple and beautiful theme for Webmin and Usermin made using Bootstrap and Font Awesome"
"Example of mapping PHP Objects to relational database tables using Symfony2 and Doctrine"
"Android application for FamilyTracker project"
"gurumark.github.io"
"BFI Fast Integration PHP Framework"
"This is the sample application for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl (http://michaelhartl.com/)"
"Just a collection of my research related ipython Notebooks"
"team sports scheduler"
""
"Voucher Websevice"
""
"A practice backbone app"
""
"Easily select code fragments with one click."
""
""
"watchface for Pebble"
"Ubuntu Server Guide"
"A tool allowing you to serve resources from your local machine as if they came from the external server."
"Small JS Library to queue CSS3 Animations"
"A pluggable authentication and profile library and client"
"Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API"
"plugin frame/service for c plus plus"
""
"a simple python syntax highlighter app"
"Skeleton project for angular with node and grunt"
""
"a Haskell-based Slack chatbot using the Happstack framework"
""
"Ruby on Rails App that displays random quotes"
"Bash scripts to verify directory structure, file permissions, or command output."
"Getting Started with PyCharm and Python"
"For setup test only"
"html5 web audio visualization"
"70 sql"
"Math games JavaScript implementations"
"The no-bs Productivity App"
"PA Consulting Competition entry: Recycling scanning robot"
""
"PA Consulting Competition entry: Plant pot monitor"
"just for fun - counts how many seconds/minutes/hours/days have been elapsed since last new years eve :)"
"Try to mockup a page with smacss"
"Build your html report with markdown"
"Script for handling Riverfly data from excel and then graphing"
"View Zookeeper znode tree in a browser"
"Stats for an LH shop"
"Some examples of C code with CUDA libs"
""
""
"Utility to convert your libs folder to migrate maven or ivy based dependency management system"
""
"douban site crawler"
"Laravel Based Text Classifier using Naive Bayes"
"test"
"A business process repository to store models and associated logs."
"A middle-level library for interacting with the BitTorrent DHT network. Bring your own transport layer and peer logic."
"River of Life Prayer Guide"
"Repo to house pebble apps/watchfaces using SDK 1"
"A moka icon theme for webOS.  Takes all icons from the Moka icon theme for Ubuntu, and some other elements from Ubuntu GNOME."
"REST API for Wikiarguments database"
"just a test"
"Macaque Labs Website"
"MemberManager for Clubs"
"nodejs/express based backend and angular based frontend"
"Qian's Portfolio"
"Do cool things with your markdown documents"
"Triggertrap Shield Files"
"Source code for the WhoAmI series of posts"
"symfony self training"
"Laravel & Drawbridge ACL Intergration"
""
"Android framework"
"calculate the most short road that binds two points in a map"
"Mongoid, Unicorn, rbenv and Capistrano."
""
""
"Simple example of a Java ClassLoader that forcibly reloads from disk each class instance"
"PearXLS-Language-POC"
"a collection of effects all build with TweenLite or TweenMax."
"Truah migration"
"The JSON plugin provides a ""json"" result type that serializes actions into JSON from Java objects"
"A movie-like Matrix rain / scroll"
"mobile"
""
"Simple console application to get the MD5 hash of files in a given directory (or a specific file, if an extension is provided). Needed this to support the Updater in my SAI-Editor."
""
""
"phone gap build"
""
""
"OpenCpu Website"
""
""
"Tugas Analgo"
"A wrapper for the MySQL driver to use promises, connection pooling and nicer APIs all round"
"Carpets and Tapestries Staves"
""
"ASP.NET MVC validation for AngularJS"
"A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project."
"test"
"Website Code"
"A basic mapper to read/write POJO instances to a very compressed binary file format.  While working on another project, I originally was going to use Jackson to read/write POJO to JSON/XMl, but after looking at the overhead of saving large byte arrays I c"
"Extensions 'n' Tools for C with addional database access modules"
"Yeoman generator to improve and speed up the development workflow of an AngularJS application."
"Add and manage content boxes(dishes)"
"A GPath based implementation to be used in the animation framework on Pebble (SDK2.0+)"
"My scripts"
"Riot.js Yeoman generator"
".* files"
"Working on some future RedBeanPHP concepts"
"Home directory "
""
""
"scm-manager preinstalled into docker using the ubuntu base"
"Maybe a new engine for FTG"
"This is the driver for the ""PHILIPS MCE USB IR Receiver- Spinel plusf0r ASUS"" remote device with id 0471:206C."
""
""
"Dockerize the nginx development version"
""
""
"Provides a custom Maven archetype with JUnit and Guava and a more up to date structure."
"phonegap 3.0 plugin, convert audio"
"Spree Extension for handling pop-up in store"
""
"Created by studio"
"Attempt at making a Keht game"
""
"open assessment"
"ui-material, png,jpg,psd..."
"My solutions to Spotify's puzzles"
"Style AsciiDoc HTML output with Twitter Bootstrap themes"
"Playing with Dart."
"My dotfiles (zsh, tmux, vim, git)"
""
"PO Informatica MMI"
""
"Python library for computer vision based on scikit-image and scikit-learn"
"Analyze the domains available in the Macedonian Academic Research Network's registrar"
"script of R for learning purposes"
"A clean way to setup a quick demo using HTML5 and jQuery."
"Wrapper for eBay Trading SDK"
"Javascript forms"
"A CFG parser using the CYK algorithm"
"RactiveJS-consuming view handler/templater for Node.JS"
""
""
"Confirming that async mocha tests written qunit style to run in proper order as long as they aren't nested."
"Convert CSS selectors to XPaths, in JavaScript"
""
"extension to fold/build fusion"
"My personal github page"
"A javascript native encode/decoder for ttyrec files/records"
"testing repository"
"My projects"
"SPOJ"
"Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]"
"R Interface to the Open KVK API"
""
"Thin wrapper around several RPM checker tools that proceeds the scans, reports issues in a common way and evaluate given RPM's quality."
"Place to store things like vimrc and bashrc configurations"
""
"nonchip's web framework"
"Simple GeoPal python client"
""
""
"This is a simple python script to automate the molecular dynamics and minimisation protocols with gromacs. Current version can perform minimisations of protein-ligand complex only"
"Testing"
"festival, festivalLHP, google doc, spreadsheet"
"Website created to support a national press advertising campaign in The Irish Times"
"Company Website"
"A Mimosa 2.0 module for TypeScript compiling"
"Simple control structure for Haskell to re-try an action with exponential backoff"
"Convert cunit xml test report to junit format"
"Tomato timer"
"Ruby on rails tutorial - first app"
"Shoes 4 App to verify MD5 Checksums of an eCTD Submission"
"My personal configuration files"
""
"Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)
Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html"
"A demo application for illustrating the use of Broadcast Receiver and Monitoring Battery Status."
""
"Netbeans Filetype Support for Property List Files (ASCII Variant)"
"foaf AddressBook for LDP written with react.js"
"ed25519 key generation, message signing, and signature verification"
""
"WebGL simulation and rendering of water drops running down a surface"
"LightStor Standard Documentation"
""
"Module impletementing the atkin and eratosthene sieves"
"generate facts useful for deployments"
""
"AsNeeded"
"Bower package for jQuery-Smart-Wizard"
""
"A retro handheld gamestation"
"A project template for developing games using Node.js, Grunt and javascript libraries."
"1Cloudy Website"
""
"Rails application for beauty institute with custom content management functionality"
"A markdown blog writer based on node-webkit"
"XML Unit Test Runner for Python"
"R Interface to the postcode API on http://api.postcodeapi.nu/"
""
""
"Dokuwiki template based on dokutwitterbootstrap from ryanwmoore "
""
""
"An ack.vim alternative mimics Ctrl-Shift-F on Sublime Text 2"
""
"Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects."
"The usual..."
"Vim syntax highlighting for pal calendar files."
"My website"
""
"Combines SVN logs from multiple paths into a single log for use with Gource."
"Scripts for testing NFS with testbus"
"Yet Another PHP Url Shortener"
""
"A use of handler and threading to perform a image transition. It's also contains the custom list down view."
"A simple backend-only PHP CMS."
"Embedded Systems - Homework 2"
"Telosys Tools bundle (2.1.0 or newer) for Spring Data Rest generation (Support of HATEOAS)"
"somem"
"first code"
"SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites"
""
""
""
"GitHub Repo for MercuryOS"
"somem"
"A centralised log query and visualisation platform based on Redis, Logstash, Elastic Search and Kibana"
""
"Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. "
"An event emitter between the browser and node side of PhantomJS"
"A demo application for illustrating the use of list view and adapters. It also consists the functionality of callbacks to change the items of the list view. (e.g. working of like/unlike button)"
"Remote picture viewer tool"
"An extended version of the scm.go Scheme Lisp interpreter in Go"
"An SDL remake of the classic"
""
""
"xiangmu"
"A script to encode image files as base64 text. "
""
"Puppet Nagios Module for NACS"
"vim plugin that makes vim syntax highlighting engine available in pandoc"
"C# Demos"
""
""
""
""
"Jenkins notification server"
"Basic shell script for create and delete apache virtual hosts."
"This is a simple lightbox class built with CoffeeScript."
"get off !! this is my personal project"
"responsive jQuery slider"
"API Blueprint AST to API Blueprint Conversion Tool"
"hairy-bugfixes!"
""
"Data and code for Styron et al. (in prep) manuscript for thermochronological modeling with Pecube, PiCloud and Python."
"initial set up for Linux machines"
"Common VBA Library:  Contains functions that are missing in the VBA language.  Mainly for use with Excel."
"Hipchat web hook for Rackspace cloud monitoring"
"A soap service provider for Silex, based on the ZendSoap component from ZendFramework project."
"A markup language for describing REST services"
"r/daily_programming"
""
"Migration of public math site."
"template for wolfe projects "
"Automation of Impossible Cube Visualization by Escher. Movement of camera affects both cutaway of foreground as well as direction of lighting to maintain effect."
"jQuery plugin which replace input[type=file] with divs based on input-names."
"A random 3D world project"
"An Objective-C library enabling easy implementation of feature experiments on iOS allowing users to opt in and out of experiments at will."
""
"Spike to find out the best scala client for cassandra"
""
""
""
"An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme"
"A dependency-free Object Schema library for Ruby"
"unidirectional proxy"
"A stripped down version of gnaar"
"Financial app"
"Themes for affirm.io."
"Mandelbrot calculation example with go-lang"
"A Chicken Scheme functor: 3 vectors, 3X3 matricies, and their algebras"
""
"Responsive jQuery modal window script"
"Code Practice in Java(Still Updating)"
""
"Sample api client for Diffbot.com. 
This is just sample with one api call to article api of diffbot.
Shared just for demo."
"tcp+color_btn"
"Some regex practice katas I made for a presentation."
""
"A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost"
"Repository for paper ""Extensive Cross-Environment Fitness Variation Lies Along A Single Axis Of Genetic Variation In The Model Alga, Chlamydomonas reinhardtii"", Malcom et al."
"tumblog custom css"
"This is a sample project for practicing RWD"
"An iOS app created using ""iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"""
"jansegre.com site"
""
"TeX versions of Laptop Cart Binder Covers and Info"
""
"Trade plugin for MC-Server"
"these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics"
"Multiple control"
"apiserver"
"Projects List"
"jQuery to add active css style once you scroll to specified anchor."
"dot files"
"Just a simple Drop Down menu"
"My new site host by git pages."
"lines.js, make beautiful diagonal background lines"
"Heroku fog server and ping client."
""
""
"Restaurant Mobile app"
""
""
"Code for an Arduino to act as an animal chip reader reading 125/134.2 Khz RFID chips commonly used for animal identification."
"Status Page for ESRGC Dashboards"
"allows to submit time sheet in an excel "
"Static content repository for Onto"
"Custom Cursor plugin"
"TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/"
"Protect your gems from prying eyes."
"[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy"
"wiki test repo"
"Fix Position is a jQuery Plugin that fixes an element in place after the screen is scrolled to a certain vertical point."
"Runescape Loader"
""
"Just a few basic quiz questions / solutions to quizzes that I ask potential candidates to look at based on their experience"
"sample_app_jan2_2014"
"EID Interface Module for OpenMRS"
"for my working repository."
"Manage WMI (Windows Management Instrumentation) objects with Puppet."
"My Custom Widgets for Adobe Muse CC"
""
""
""
""
"Minimalistic PHP framework"
"jQuery plugin for HTML Microdata"
"Crack HTML-Logins with Bruteforce"
"Verify that your sass functions generate the css you expect."
"simple die roller for tabletop games"
""
"Projects"
"Kudos for Jekyll blogs"
"Strava API Tools & Dashboard"
"Matlab Medical Dataset Analysis"
"A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done"
""
""
""
"FFQ Test"
"Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript"
"Python script for rotating images"
"Beautiful Photos of Bessie G"
""
"Command line utility for posting messages to campfire"
"Easy progress calculator"
"Visualize NUS module's prerequisites"
"A node module that maintains an updated cache of nytimes.com content via newswire"
"Image similarity"
""
"Rising Gate Calculator"
"RoR tutorial"
"Demo Yii App"
"ThinkDiff S'kool website in rails 4"
"VS Modem Monitoring"
"HTML-5 Plugin Wrappers/Hooks"
"A very simple setup for node"
"Send SMS from command line via indyarocks free sms service "
""
""
"Optional."
"Will add later"
""
"Authentication server"
"A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework"
"Some exercises taken from http://adriann.github.io/programming_problems.html"
"C Primitives Library"
"Window resize events"
"A timber harvest model."
""
"scratch project for valtech"
"PCB files for Adafruit 16x2 LCD Pi Plate for Raspberry Pi"
"Multi-Tabbed File System Browser"
""
""
"round progress bar jquery"
""
"GitTest"
""
"A php framwork based on the concept modules, views and controllers(Minus the ""clean urls"" added true SRP controllers). Made to be as simple as possible while being as flexible as possible. Allows for the easy and choesive creation of websites and apps"
""
""
""
""
"Convert recipes from Cookbook+ to Paprika"
""
"SCAT Tools"
"Dependency Injection Example"
"Seed project for single page Angular.js applications running on a Node.js/Express server.  Includes tests with jasmine-node on server and karma-jasmine on client.  Sample files can be overwritten or deleted - most exist simply for demonstration of the pro"
"A nodejs-based web-client for Media Player Daemon (MPD)"
"fluent interface for building web controls in c#"
""
"DSP_SINGLETON"
""
""
"ActiveRecord caching extension"
""
"Rails 4 application that serves as the back-end for andwecoded.com"
"A django sandbox project for django-kitchen"
"Repository for SG drupal theme"
"This application is devise,cancan and feedzirra's sample application,going to write how to do soon."
"A re write of my twisted mod

And now a redone repositry as idea couldnt import my old one"
"My solutions to exercises from Kernighan & Richie ""The C Programming Language"" (Second Edition)"
"Dominating sets algorithm simulation in C++"
"Git repository for work from 7 weeks 7 languages book"
"The first assignment"
"This Hexo plugin replaces the local links with relative path."
"Connect to Modbus enabled smart meter using Python!"
""
"A Mimosa 2.0 module for Stylus compiling"
""
"Jquery website preloader"
"Standing on the shoulder of gem activemerchant,this gem implements SecureNet's AutoBill feature."
"Hello world!"
"multitouch synth fiddling"
"Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset"
""
"Game of Life implementation in JavaScript"
"SuperDry is a ultra sleek boilerplate workflow built for Mixture.io"
""
"Calculate summary stats from Hudson's ms"
"HTML test project for Yandex"
"generate cluster pxe files from a flat config file"
""
""
"Remove voicemail from the tapbar of MobilePhone.app of iOS 7 "
"Hands-On Incanter"
""
"Nights! Nights! Wordpress theme"
"Store Data in Keychain"
"An iterator-like collection library for doing Bing queries in Scala."
"Gulset Action Center gives mediacenter and lighting control on a web interface"
"User-submittable actions - reusable view-model directive"
""
"A collection of Twig tools and extensions"
""
""
"Monitors the OPM Site for changes and changes the color of your Philips Hue Light appropriately."
"A utility application that automates the bootstrapping of a Django-powered site"
"A library to work with quantities and units."
""
"Make the iOS 7 lockscreen proper with blurred album artwork!"
"ProMotion issue 366 debugging repo"
"a set of small programs that are useful to be inserted in bigger projects"
"Documentation for the Trapper project"
"OWIN test drive"
"Some Haskell list operations implemented in Java. "
"sqlalchemy dialect adaptor for gevent to work in non-blocking mode"
"The code for my game, Periodic Alchemy."
"Program implemented to find voids in the space, based on Carlos Hervias Caimapo's algorithm."
"App which tracks users progress towards skills mastery. Final project for BEWD 05 NYC."
"Basic bitmap drawing on the Nintendo DS in frame buffer mode"
"http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2013/12/k-means-clustering-86-single-malt-scotch-whiskies.html"
""
"lirc_remotes"
""
"Complex environments for Rosie"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Formats the Dutch Rabobank CSV format for bank statements so it can be imported by YNAB."
"MVC / Observer / Swing"
"AVC/H.264 processing using Boost, OpenCV, and UNIX pipes"
""
"Turns websites into phone apps."
"Java Client Library for Riak JSON (https://github.com/basho-labs/riak_json)"
""
""
"data analysis lab"
""
""
""
"PIL wrapper"
"Solving Sudokus while learning Chicken Scheme"
"Roguelike'ish game called Dungeons Of The Witcher."
""
"test folder, learning git via ubuntu terminal"
"My own website"
""
"Simple programs using template meta-programming in C++."
""
"An olde-English insult generator"
"SIP Media Gateway"
"php_site_curator"
"We are Back"
""
"Some testing"
"Unstable version of a Distributed -Multi threaded webcrawler using hazelcast."
"Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise"
"Perl wrapper for EpubCheck"
"Mandrill wrapper for Li3"
"webpage"
""
""
"Multi-value hash table."
"Simple shopping cart in Ruby on Rails"
"A password strength checking utility"
""
"Various for-fun scripts and projects"
"Sega Mega Drive / Genesis emulator for iOS, Mac, Raspberry Pi, Windows and Linux"
"A Chef cookbook for installing and configuring StatsD on Ubuntu LTS."
""
"The core bundled adapt theme"
"My python scripts"
"Script to setup a fresh installation of GNUStep in a Centos environement."
"An App for Trolling"
"Script for calculating the number of occurrences of a, or all, values given n dice with m sides."
""
"Various Yii 2 classes"
"For Powershell Scripts"
"Utilities from my DVR (SageTV)"
"Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course"
""
"Hidromancer is a unified wireless gamepad/remote control driver for Linux intended for HTPC applications.  Currently supports wireless Sony DualShock3/Sixaxis/compatible game controllers and Sony BD Remote/compatible bluetooth remotes.   Future support is"
"My own version of Game of Life"
""
"Miscellaneous math functions in python"
"Electronic Voting system"
"Qt Widgets (incl. Designer Plugin) for showing OpenCV matrices, HDF5 Support for reading/writing matrices"
""
"A textpattern plugin to import tweets into the textpattern article database."
"Personal Site"
"Interactive for a NACo project looking at county ability to fund transportation projects."
""
"Dribbble API & Angular.js"
"This is a lightweight client written in Dart monitor coordinates in a Vivaldi system."
"Contract Bridge Game"
"School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk"
"iOS Project for iPad, demonstrating how to edit UITableViewCells inline"
"RSS reader extension for google chrome"
"Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web."
"A simple search component for K2"
"University Projects"
"Interface for a server side script to call javascript events/actions"
""
"JuminnoApps web page"
"Form design. "
"Tempbox. A demo app showing UserApp, Python and AngularJS running together."
"Miscellaneous configuration files from my Linux systems"
""
"Qnap environment setup / subtitles, ..."
"learn rails tutorial by Daniel Kehoe"
"This is a http metrics reporter for kafka using Jetty with the Codahale metrics servlets (http://metrics.codahale.com/manual/servlets/kafka )"
"chef repo"
"My first app"
""
"An Arduino library for managing range settings for groups of servos. "
""
"Split huge mbox file(giga byte)  to many .eml(.emlx) file."
""
"A Tic Tac Toe engine for games of any number of dimensions, players and grid size."
"brunch with nvd3"
"COMP 3203 (Principles of Networking) Project - Optimal Coverage of a Domain with Sensors"
""
""
"Simple XML parser"
"A Lua MVC Web Framework."
"QML metronome"
""
"Geolocation for IP addresses"
"helper script to merge dash youtube videos using youtube-dl and MP4Box"
"Generate LateX contracts for my freelance consulting business from a client.yml file"
"sourcecode"
""
"Experiments of combining ol3 with Ember.js"
"MagazineLiteracy.org Marketplace"
""
""
"I could not find a function for optimizing a function that took a vector input and returned a scalar value in scipy.optimize, so I have attempted to create a class that does this."
""
""
"Interactive map of Philadelphia bicycle parking locations and bicycle routes."
""
"Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action."
""
"Plugin library for the Flow collection."
"Actual repository"
"tcp server java example"
"Example of using Karma to test client side JS"
"My customized configuration files"
"My personal page."
"The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial"
"KDE4 KIO slave for displaying recent used folders"
"A JavaScript class implementation"
""
""
"Python library to interface with Arduino via serial connection"
"Austin Perspectives jekyll site."
""
"kerberos security + weblogic"
"NCSSM Sign-Out project technical details."
"Skookum School App"
""
"Test-repo 3"
"Music Jokes"
"WP 8 remote control for Hacksaar Sphinx"
""
"This was a school assignment."
"gh-pages for williamjwoodall.com, just redirects to wjwwood.io"
""
""
"Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface."
"c code "
"Typescript implementation without Visual Studio of http://www.photonstorm.com/phaser/advanced-phaser-and-typescript-projects"
"Maven based Java Wrapper for the DiffBot API"
""
"A fixed header table directive for AngularJS"
""
"Add a caption tag to Jekyll"
"cawcaw ( aka ChaffingAndWinnowing,ChaffingAndWinnowing ) core system"
"Python "
""
"Grid is a game about capturing territory."
"keypad, atmega, door"
"node.js service for logging rest web service calls using log4js-node"
"Revival of Python-language KirbyBase project"
"Track car trips for tax deduction purposes"
"A simple browser created using java libraries"
"website for dng.io"
"portfolio"
""
"Model Zf2 Symfony"
""
"Jekyll Blog"
"OS X tool for fast switching between stored mouse sensitivity settings"
"Ad-hoc MESH support for IPv6"
"onemodel.org web site files"
"Gitflow Maven Plugin that uses Groovy Gitflow"
"An alternative DSL for the Marpa::R2 parser generator"
"Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!"
"Modified version of the Vortex Box Deck that behaves more like an app!"
""
"Cocoa front end for Tsunami UDP"
"Akemi Davisson's Portfolio"
"Openpay Javascript bindings"
"online host for WDGWVSS"
"A consistent cross-browser document.elementFromPoint function. Works around idiosyncracies of old WebKits et al."
""
"Version 2.0 of SnagTag"
"test config for starmobile Diamond V3 (CWM)"
"A gamemode for Garry's Mod that allows you to have virtually infinite ammo and overpowered stats!"
""
""
"A photo blog for Jon"
"Mastering C# 4.0 Pluralsight course - Jon Skeet"
"Check this"
"A small log for all the coffee I taste"
"iOS Tweak that thins notification banners down to size!"
""
"Demonstration of using AWSHeet library"
"Master Redux - Open-Source HTML5/JS remake of Tetra Master (the Final Fantasy IX card game)"
"cassandra course at datastax"
""
""
"React-clojure is a clojure wrapper around JSX (JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React)."
""
"A freaky music visualizer based on the example from SoundJS"
"The result of completing the django tutorial"
"personal webpage"
""
"Creates SVG files drawing a specified angle between two lines and an arc connecting them."
""
"Find the perimeter of a regular polygon by utilizing the number of sides and the circumradius - Daily Programmer 146E"
"All tools for dissertation"
"Frostguarde Community Own Dungeon Master - Obvious Credit to previous developers"
"Best seller's list"
"The nrve mobile app for iPad."
"This repository stores the projects I have developed"
"GoIn provides a golang middleware for user authentication."
"HTML5 experiment"
""
"Fabuloso Icehouse OpenStack catalog"
"A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial."
"Ad hoc formulae for the Homebrew package manager"
"My git speed dial functions"
"Selling stickers for bitcoins"
"The first app for the ruby on rails tutorial"
"Dave Shinsel's robot projects"
""
"A simple library for generating svgs in python"
""
"A rails tutorial"
"A node wrapper for the jp2a CLI tool"
"For now, just a static homepage"
""
"Creation of a simple blog"
""
"Arduino Library For Elechouse SimpleVR"
"Minetest mod providing very basic implementation of whitelist."
"SignalR demo"
"docker files"
"place to test tools"
""
"GetHub Pages"
"Ruby on Rails film app"
"dotfiles for yours truly"
"Java / Spring 3 experiment. A simple CRUD system employing Hibernate, application layering, controller exception handling and tiles composite views."
"Components for TouchDesigner and Rogue A/V platforms. Of interest to VJs and video artists."
"The Parametric Engineering Christmas Tree Game!"
"My public website."
"Czech exchange rates grabbing gem"
""
"Java Creed Concurrency API"
"My solutions to the Project Euler Problems"
"Demo project using the raphael gwt library."
""
"My website"
"A collection of ML Algorithms"
"Module to hold and serialize the in-memory relationship between urls and objects and users."
"Project Euler Problems"
""
"Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station"
""
"A framework for reading and writing large files in the RIFF format."
"consulting site"
""
"TDD workout with the ""Job Dependency"" kata"
"I'm learning rails!"
"Shift Vendor Files"
""
"this is the very simple and very nive d:)"
"Code that I wrote to deeply understand how some general data structures function internally. A lot of pointer concepts covered. All code in C++."
""
"numbers.js is a client-side javascript library that adds some advanced mathematics functionality to the standard Math library."
"Simple vanilla JS MVC implementation"
"Android Girl Scout cookie mom app to help keep track of all the booths/scouts/cookies/cash"
"Forum/Community about hypermiling written in Python using Django."
"East Coast dice throwing game."
"Displays logs and Javascript errors in an overlay on top of your site. Useful for mobile webdevelopment. Enabled in 5 seconds"
"Demo of how to list posts with collections in Assemble "
"test"
"Lua port for Vorne"
"https://kath.io/"
"Simple Sublime Text extension to implement Ctrl/Command-0 function to restore edit window font size to user-defined default."
"Suspends a suspected forum spammer registration based on user supplied keywords"
"Just practice with Ember JS"
"repo for testing "
"smARtDUINO"
""
""
""
"Rails"
"Javi Moya's Website"
""
"Bukkit-Plugin-Stops-SilverFish"
""
"My final project for Python course"
"Solar System written on HTML/CSS"
"Atlas.elasticsearch is a elasticsearch backend in javascript using elasticsearch-js and jQuery."
"An implementation of similating fireworks using C++/SFML"
""
"Responsive website to cure boredom"
"An extension that hides components that can be triggered by a button"
"jblog"
"John Mitsch's portfolio website"
"An application to debug Robospice"
""
""
"A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails"
"adfasdf"
"TVRage Wrapper"
"Coding Katas to be used @ Codemash"
"A convert utlity."
"Bank App for zamboora"
""
"Personal page & blog"
"LeGardeManger recipes"
""
"repo for recipe storage"
""
"Installs Ruby 2.x on Ubuntu 12.0.4.LTS from the Brightbox Ruby NG PPA."
"WebGL virtual world simulation."
"Automatic Multiscale-based Peak Detection (AMPD)"
""
""
"A simple hacky integration test"
"This is a fork of KA9Q's FEC library that also compiles on x86_64 and arm."
""
""
"vim dotfiles"
"Crafity HTMl UI elements"
"Integrated Model Toolkit for analysis of three different models of space-weather research data conducted by Dr. Sergei Maurits @ Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. Interface developed with PHP, JavaScript and AJAX. Database on MySQL."
"Outlook, iCal, Google, Yahoo calendar entry"
"webcl version of ""OpenCL Book Samples"" with webcl-translator"
"My undergraduate thesis"
"Hello world program running under CP/M-80, crosscompiled with SDCC (based on sources from N8VEM)"
""
"An ORM for Common Lisp."
"My emacs configuration"
""
""
"Template I use to start my scala projects."
""
"cors xhr"
"Source etc related to Clarion for Windows"
"Detect dropbox usages in a LAN network"
"system for my mom to manage her expenses"
""
"Metajungle Pages"
"Dummy project to learn github via Tuts+ tutorial"
"MVC 4 Movie application"
"Next Jump UI Library"
"AggreGet - the aggregator of aggregators."
"Differential Equations Textbook for our Engineering Majors sequence"
""
"A PHP framework for accessing or testing a pump.io server"
""
""
""
"Slick2D / jBox2D game development."
"Proof of Concept iOS application developed on behalf of Office of Information Technology for Alaska Native Language Center, to request for further funding on behalf of ANLC to build a full blown Multimedia enabled application for the purpose of teaching a"
""
"AngularJS module for advanced working with objects in JS"
""
"Rails Demo App"
"attempt to create a generic Http mock on browser side"
""
"golang libraries root"
"Example of animation using CABasicAnimation(""position"" and ""rotation"") and layers"
"apache monitor ('php'+'unix shell')"
"ANSI C Hash Table"
""
"Create panorama from stills"
""
"gotta level up those git skills!"
"watermelon >100 reseq lines"
""
"It calculates FTLE values and gets the LCS surfaces"
"a simple plugin that displays the browser window-width handily in the wp toolbar"
""
"Resourceful routes for Hapi "
""
"This is a singly linked list implemented in C for my own personal practice. "
"Mimics the behavior of the UNIX ar (archive) utility"
""
""
"Save file from an URL on Android using share intents from Chrome for an exemple"
"Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API."
""
"keeps your players hunger after they die"
"Notes from websites, books that I've read, etc., etc."
"Iteratively Fund Open Source Projects With Bitcoin"
"ArcGIS utility scripts"
""
""
"This repository contains scripts that are used by the maintainers of the library. Useful scripts and daemons."
""
""
"Parser for MNIST database files."
""
"A simple and elegant implementation of Lisp on C#/.Net"
"Personal portfolio"
"Custom tool for friends to find themselves on a map"
"Anna's Testing Experiment."
"my webpage ===>>>"
"Its a application in C# which helps to download an entire video series from the web given the link of a single video of the series."
""
""
"Spin up a CouchDB database using Vargrant"
"Projects I created in my free time"
"Trying to get League of Legends stats GUI up and running. Personal use only so far"
"Testing GitHub out"
""
""
"Timer and counter for the board game."
"Programming Practice"
"HQ(historical quotes web client for yahoo finance API)"
"My personal website"
"Nexus 5 Device Tree"
"Testing timing analysis with chrono and std methods in C++. Running chrono requires using std c++11"
"My Jekyll blog, hosted on Github-pages"
"Signals that control!"
"micro rest service for the raspberry pi to read a power meter with sml via infrared"
"Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app"
"My home base on the web."
"Terraria-like platformer game"
"Just testing Github Pages"
"Haskell bindings to the Neo4j graph database"
"Simple test project to play around with the Arduino and an accelerometer."
"HTML5 Boilerplate + Foundation 5"
"Yeoman generator for parkji tempaltes"
"AngularJS demo with Browserify."
"Famous computer scientists image and text"
"A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n"
"A Scala Wrapper for google-gson"
"Node.js In Action shoutbox app"
""
""
"test github pages"
"RailsApps Tutorial"
""
""
"Source code for TerpTasker"
""
"Emac libraries for biological sequences"
"photo app in node.js with mongoose Node.js In Action"
""
"Model Symfony"
""
"A little web page app showing what to feed ducks."
"Final project for ITP 380 - Video Game Programming."
"Global Shared Menu with REST APIs for Chrome"
"tech-stack web site POC"
""
"Used to create Lua scripts, which can in turn create an element in The Powder Toy"
"Fill out a pdf using itextsharp"
"An iOS home application for Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. This application was built in collaboration from Bob Torgerson. This was my first iOS application."
"Transcendence Series (Admin Templates)"
"An MIS system that can run from a terminal or on a desktop"
"PhoneGap Tutorial"
""
""
""
"PHP API wrapper for Pwinty.com"
"Solutions to Project Euler problems"
"Minimal case for busted with spire"
"Implementation of Kademlia using Scala and Akka"
""
"EasyQuery for Symfony2"
""
"A notification-daemon fork supporting more options"
""
"Merkle Trees for data replication in Erlang"
"The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Remember Pi application. Try to remember. Get told what the next are. Try to go as far as you can! (Don't know how many digits)"
"This is the sample app from Rails Tutorial"
""
"Network IPs"
"Changes to log when an app is in the foreground/background"
"Opensource Reddit like website. This project was built using: java, MySQL, redis, Angular.js, Bootstrap"
"Save food by tapping on it before it swirls down the sink drain"
"Software exercise including the history"
""
"Contains the TI-BASIC program called ""HANOI"""
""
"a pelican plugin to password protect content"
"This is a simple script that handles modifying the contents of a GPG encrypted archive."
"A work in progress Chrome Extension to show contextual information as a popover when an article hyperlink is hovered over"
"Zip manager using dotnetzip"
"Daemonize a Ruby block with graceful exiting"
"class-capchta"
""
"Shows audiovisual code demos on a central screen as they are updated live by programmers."
""
"Wordpress Plugin allowing for up/down or like voting geared to be flexible enough for any use."
""
""
"C library for parsing command line options"
""
"Converts Files from Bwhebb and BwGrk Fonts to unicode and back"
"Neo4J Bulk Data Insert Utilities"
"minimOSD software"
""
"A code generation tool that uses the NoPL scripting language and XML schema"
""
"The documentation for the Bootstrapper package"
"Python package for manipulating cave survey data"
"onemonthrails project"
"Open video in a pop-up"
"Animate your name or a simple word."
"A GUI version of uphold-server"
"Original source of my blog posts. Written in Ghost flavoured Markdown (Haunted Markdown)"
""
"Deduplication framework written in Perl"
"Benchmark tests supporting the openalpr library"
"seiBOT"
"Test repository"
""
""
"All other codes that are done for courseworks and personal fun"
""
"Tools to keep a git integration branch up to date"
"Free-D Unity is a open source project that is done for Woodbury University Digital Media Lab."
""
"willie modules for running RPGs over IRC"
"A website / theme for Small Victories."
"Erlang based Python Package Index"
"cleanup of unnecessary junk files downloaded with nzbs"
""
""
"Starfall processor with custom stuff"
""
""
""
"website for sierramoreno.com"
"Python script to parse and convert dfxp (subtitle) to ass"
"Simple IntelliJ IDEA plugin for Android Studio"
""
"My dotfiles"
"Scraping the web is fun actually"
"Perform external ethernet interface configuration and hostnames"
"Get your API out of the closet"
"Learning game for small children"
"Hadoop 1.2.1 configuration directory on my MacBook"
""
"WP Bootstrap 3 theme for Julia Lorraine Photography"
"Custom Pelican Theme for the LCDM website"
"Tools for managing multiple versions of text files and content transclusion."
""
"flashenv enables you to play flash games without the need of a browser"
"ash_db"
"First attempt at a web page, with Rails."
"Jersey MessageBodyReader/Writer based on Gson"
"Netlogo model of zero-intelligence trading by Gode and Sunder"
"My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database."
"Custom breakpoint events"
"Catarse as a full, non-namespaced Rails engine."
"A command line tool & a small component to manage your proxies in your JS code"
""
""
"(Lua) Some usefull tools implemented with Lua"
""
"lithium test project"
"Rails 4 tutorial"
""
""
"submission to the Library of Congress Legislative XML Data Mapping contest"
"Map-Reduce over books, authors and publishers. Coursera, Web Intelligence and Big Data, HW3"
"Java remote process execution library"
"A custom knockout 3.0.0 binding for the googleMaps API"
"Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods"
""
""
"ZS 2013"
"OpenCV examples"
"An event-driven state machine"
"Demonstrates how objects were thought to orbit Earth back when the ancient Greeks believed that the Earth was the orbital center of all celestial bodies."
"Interested in making EntoLogic handle more programming languages? Have a look at the README"
"A personal theme for my ghost application."
"A simple Pinball game using C++ and OpenGL"
""
""
"Better TextMate & SublimeText javascript highlighting with ES6 support"
""
"My stuff created while studying, training, being trained, or playing."
"Reliable File System (college Operating System course exercise) - low level filesystem tier with fdisk, striping, ..."
"A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF."
"Sample Code for Spring LWHS Device Invention Class"
"A script to download images from urls in Elastic Seach index, process and reindex the new url"
"Ultra-lightweight interface for multithreaded declarative web applications."
""
"(Cpp) A homemade regex engine based on e-bnf syntax"
"The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial"
"A Vagrant project with Ruby and PostgreSQL"
"Source code for livetocode blog"
"R client library for the Adobe Analytics 1.4 API - the API is currently in beta. This package hasn't been extensively tested, so please get in touch with me if you're interested in using it."
"A TELCO company interview (my first one) exercise - CRC, bit operations and more."
"A simple application for quickly converting subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format."
"Visualizer done using processing"
"An exception hierarchy to represent HTTP errors and redirections"
"Java EE Classes"
"I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS."
"An empirical comparison of hash algorithms implemented in various languages."
"Flat-file content management utility"
""
""
"General libraries for the D Programming Language"
"Inspired by Windows 8 Modern UI - causes the tiles on the homepage to animate and slide up, revealing category description and latest posts."
""
"Coshx ideas"
""
""
"A Django class-based view utility library"
"Configuration management without the ""FFUUU~""."
"Distributed project management using dcf files"
"Jakim www.e-solat.gov.my data scraper. Converts it to MySQL database."
"Spaced repetition system for Pat"
""
"This plugin demonstrates how to add new visualizations to Datawrapper"
"practice"
""
"Store data in local storage"
"The Andromeda system boot loaders"
"A website and javascript framework to simulate Sorting Algorithms"
"A tool for extracting a unified language embedded in a .NET assembly."
""
"(Php) An IA for a two players game"
"GiftMe client app for Windows 8"
"Functionality for gathering statistics about child processes."
""
"Visual search task psychology experiment (requires OSX 10.8 or higher)"
"RaspberryPi LCD Info script"
""
"My homepage xD"
"Library for Adafruit ILI9341 displays"
"Repository to test github features"
"Just word count implementations in various languages."
""
""
"(CoffeeScript) A map generator for a game called liaison_fatale"
"A small game for GlobalGameJam 2011"
""
"The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois."
"My Description"
"The future home of my new website."
""
"My dotfiles"
""
"Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos."
"Data and parameters to replicate experiments in Model-Based Aligner Combination Using Dual Decomposition"
"Personal wiki"
"Virtual chess engine"
"Textpattern files and styles for carloscuellar.net"
"Joomla Jfusion collabtive plugin"
"A simple java pipe for couchdb changes feeds"
"This is my website."
""
"Hedgewars lobby commander"
""
"a backup of the main site"
"Coinbase Limit Orders app"
"Powershell script to get the installed versions of web browsers on local and remote machines."
""
"Luthor is a lexer interface written in angular"
"This is the cookbook to deploy Cybera's network mapping tool. (https://github.com/cybera/network-mapping-tool)"
"Quantified developer"
"CQ Project repo"
"A plugin for the svg.coffee library to export raw svg"
"A really old, bad, incomplete implementation of the Cycle System task management for Android. Only staying around because I'm sentimental."
""
"A reusable set of build and automation scripts to facilitate a best practices based development and release process for managed package development on the Salesforce1 Platform"
"This tutorial demonstrates how to use the Cloud API in Titanium Mobile. Specifically, the demo project will allow you to send a template based email to any recipient."
""
"A simple non-configurable OSX kernel extension to prevent sleep"
"Test the internet of the Icabox"
"Reusable app to protect access to project under development."
""
"fermihomework"
""
"CompoundJS and AngularJS in harmony"
"Examples of design patterns using JavaScript :D"
""
"Collection of my solutions for algorithmic problems from infoarena.ro, written in C++."
"reprap design repo"
""
"image processing library"
""
""
"Yeti"
"My accademic website"
"minimalistic example of a game based purely on skill"
"Game with Blocks based on libgdx gradle template"
"JavaScript/CoffeeScript implementations of safer stack and queue data structures"
"A Node.js module for validating and updating Webloc files."
""
""
"Manage Node.js, MongoDB and github repo's for a node project."
"Extending HTML5's Ping for Auditing Everything"
""
"Simple To-Do App written in Laravel 4 and Zurb's Foundation 5 front-end framework"
"Symfony2 bundle for advanced Satis Composer Repository management"
"A code search tool similar to ack and the_silver_searcher(ag). It supports multi platforms and multi encodings."
"Classic children's card game, Memory/Concentration, made with Polymer Dart."
"Disable the Force Stop & Uninstall button in Manage Application using Device Administration in Android."
""
""
"video.js plugin that adds a navigable waveform for audio and video files"
"Interface to LXC from node.js."
"Multimethods for Emacs Lisp"
"OpenGL 2.0 LispWorks FLI"
""
"PeerShare is a P2P file sharing website using Javascript, jQuery and PeerJS"
"static html page"
"Web interface for the multi-room audio controller"
""
"Tool for Ballroom Dance Partner Searches (i.e. Speed Dating)"
"Coursera Algo Part II course"
"Utility for finding repeated blocks of code in javascript file"
"TDD Webdev for Python exercises"
"My website."
"Minebuilder Mod Script Engine"
"Find your Facebook friends with Google Maps"
"GraphicsMagick wrapper for node.js"
"A Makefile to build librumpuser on its own, useful if you want to fork it"
""
"packaging metadata for the freemarker preprocessor template engine"
"Synchronize Erlang/OTP releases to remote nodes"
"Learning how to program using ruby on rails"
"Tango With Django tutorial"
"Maze solver using techniques of the artifitial inteligence"
"Home of Sky Sports videos"
"Survey"
""
"irs1318_2014"
"Practice of Bruce Molay's book on Unix/Linux programming."
"Demo application"
"Pre-course Exercises"
""
"*Nix Security Scanner - a simple security scanner for Linux and Solaris hosts written in Perl that checks both that systems have been hardened and that they have not been compromised."
""
"View all the CSP violations!"
"Errors for Elm"
""
""
""
"scripts and notes for mapping data from the TAIR schema to CHADO"
"Artificial Intelligence"
"My first push to github"
"Following the TDD build of Ember Trackr from Developing an Ember.js Edge"
"Work in progress."
"My first Mvc framework"
"Arduino-based SMS-actuated doorman project"
"C++ Program"
"Spatial interaction modelling in R"
""
""
"ACO for aircraft conflict resolution"
"A set of client applications for issuing measurements to the RIPE Atlas network"
"AWS EBS Snapshot Backup Tool for Windows"
""
""
"Ansible role that compiles and installs Ruby 1.9.3 (https://www.ruby-lang.org) and Bundler (http://bundler.io)."
""
"100+ human faces to provide, especially for test"
""
"A torrent type application developed for peer to peer transfer of files."
"Amiga themed real time chat for retro fun."
"A small app to follow the progress of the family BCS pool."
"PhoneGap Local Network Services"
"Use octet counting to frame data through a stream"
""
"Tool for seeing the output of the iPhone 5S's motion DSP, using Core Motion."
"C++ Program implementing complex number arithmetic"
"This is Alistair's development version of ZhuangLab/matlab-storm.  For release version, please see Zhanglab/matlab-storm."
""
"Examples of studying netty in action"
""
"configuration files"
"python tipCalculator"
""
""
"The website"
""
"Blocks passable only when posessing a certain item"
"Wallmart Text Scraper with navigation support. List the products returned by Wallmart.com for a given search query"
""
"Leap Motion and ThreeJS working together to detect hand gestures"
"Random JavaScript code. Drawn from katas, text, and general experimentation."
"Python related tools"
"CS110 webapp for Hampshire College Spring 2014"
""
""
""
""
"Haskell bindings to libmarquise"
""
""
"a fake project from snazz2001"
""
""
""
""
"Zaphire framework is a framework which takes cues from other frameworks like Zend to create a family basis on which to build your high performace web applications."
"Initialises the basic structure for a zaphire project."
"The first app for the Ruby o Rails Tutorial"
"An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect"
""
""
"random one-off page to calculate arrow spine for archers"
"tayyipcoin"
""
"Blocks internet access when users forget to pay rent bill"
"Quick Transaction Register To Track Operations Income/Expenses"
""
"myproject"
""
"A global package manager for npm."
"Code for http://beer.opensourcery.com."
"Smart Phone Revolution"
"a split key/value store: stash values in one store and keys in another"
"Language Comparison Sheet"
"A tool for deploying web applications using Docker"
""
"my utils"
""
""
"Package R GeneralizedAsymmetricLaplace"
"A simple versioning system that works delightfully well on MS-DOS"
""
""
""
"Resellerclub API in Python"
"Generate JSON from Javadoc comments"
"like Twitter"
""
""
"unit test ios id"
"Personal Blog Project"
"This is a groudwork for Django 1.6."
"Docker Image for running Memcached on CentOS 6"
""
"this is a nes emulator"
"This framework allows FRC teams using C++ to use the scripting language AngelScript on their robot. It relies on the VxWorks port of AngelScript."
"Haiku On-Screen Keyboard"
"A Pac-Man program created for AP Computer Science"
"personal blog"
"Tutorial Sample App"
"This repo is just testing the github streak strategy"
"Big project for Ruby on Rails course at II UWr"
"Sample C++ Code:  Nonlinear Optimization Library  (includes a 3rd-Party FORTRAN library)"
"does implement as given here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percentile_rank"
""
"python util for  generating mongo's document."
"first demo app"
"tests vocabulary!"
"One Month Rails 4"
"Grammar & obj-c parser for iTunes artwork (.itc) files"
"simple guestbook app with beego"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
"Simple Blogging Platform in Go (golang)"
"My Engineering Graduation work about Textile RFID tag antena"
"This Demo Application Extracts frames from given video."
"Virtual Memory implementation in Pintos Operating System"
""
"an extranet application for ruby on rails"
"Simple Sudoku Solver written in Python."
"First App"
"vim config for cpp"
""
"Bowl of Fun App"
"SDK Client for Diffboot"
"toy scala lisp implementation"
"devnull is simple community site"
"Django Poll Application"
"Weightable, new and improved
"
"A simple reader focused blog."
"Troposphere Application Framework"
"Turn Travis CI notifications into actions "
""
"Post your Google+ Posts to Facebook with PHP"
"The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
""
"A public IP API service."
"Jan 2014 version of Hartl's First App on Dev Machine, running Ubuntu"
"List"
""
""
"Quote of the Day"
""
"web app shell"
"Implementation of my solution to the problem of image-based location recognition using binary descriptors."
"Brushes for IOS App"
"An attempt to learn Clojure language by solving math problems"
"public repository"
""
""
""
"Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming"
"A data mining library in java."
"????"
""
""
"Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client"
"The first project  for rails"
"IFP WP-Bootstrap for PACE"
"Smashing Node.js: JavaScript Everywhere By Guillermo Rauch - examples implement"
"A native vector / matrix addition for mining-core, which utilizes Eigen via JNI for faster operation."
""
"Contains source code for web page templates"
"HSK daily report"
""
""
"Mockup of cartographic interface for OpenSTC"
"Utilities for CALayer in OS X and iOS."
"Dropbox API test"
"It's a game."
""
""
""
""
"Dead simple abstraction layer for doctrine/dbal."
"Experiments around ocamllex"
"This respository contains few running examples of Node "
""
""
"Rotation"
""
""
""
"This should check for changes on the Billboard's Hot 100 and send an e-mail with the new music that appears each week."
"A simple little android application which demonstrates how to intermingle some of today's most interesting technologies in the Android ecosystem: Dagger, Otto, android-priority-jobqueue, gradle and lightORM. All wrapped up in a neat MVC pattern. Nothing f"
""
"Account Github page."
"portfolio site"
"Beautiful JSDoc template for your Meteor packages."
"This repository accompanies the Tuts+ course PHP OOP Fundamentals"
"TestCoin for testing purpose"
""
"Test of Twilio SaaS using Play Framework 2.2.1"
"Simple Flickr search and browse module ( no dependencies )"
"Daily Reports Sheet using Meteor in live HTML5"
""
"The sample app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Contains Design Pattern on PHP codebase"
"A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list."
"gender"
"DiffBot client written on pure C"
""
"Project Euler solutions in Clojure"
"A set of SolidWorks macros with UI, for quick creation of some standard primitives."
"A few projects with the most known WebGL APIs."
"just test the facedetect function"
"Star rating module for Elgg"
""
"DB Course Desktop Client + SQL Server Side"
""
""
""
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Local Binary Pattern for Android "
"GameCircle Amazon for Xamarin.iOS (aka Monotouch)"
""
""
"Back up your Simplenote account to a git repo or gist!"
"This is my individual project for the Professional Graduate Diploma in IT BCS"
"Algorithms for sorting data writhen in CSharp"
"Sina Application Engine Toolkit"
"Customizable exporter"
""
""
"My Sublime Text 3 setup / packages / prefs."
""
"Angular tables with fixed headers/footers and scrolling tbodys"
"Playing with AngularJS, Yeoman, Grunt, Bower and Karma ..."
"Single Page Nav is a light-weight and simple to use jQuery plugin"
"DBLayouter - Database management software (SaaS)"
"Std theme atweb"
""
"create a processing element that is active only if consumers of results are subscribed to it"
"Just a litte project for testing"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Simple module to send emails in background using oorq"
""
""
"TowerGameStarterKit-CustomTower"
"Shopping cart application"
"Give data packages some context because web and linked data"
""
""
"Test_app"
"Bootstrap site templates"
""
""
"Barman module for Puppet"
""
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
"A PHP client for the oVirt API"
""
"pyCurveFitting - Python code to perform fitting by a wide range of predefined functions."
""
"Guess a number application"
"A fractal generator."
"League of Legends LoLin1 app for Android.  http://linkedin.com/in/jorgediazbenitosoriano"
""
"AT&T M2X C Library"
"A sketchpad for experimenting with NSString, under the influence of other languages."
""
"collection of simple ios-samples"
"chapter 3 of the book"
"A Mac OS X application to download scanlations from popular online manga readers."
"A tracker that compares the current amount with the goal to see if the goal has been reached"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Colorful alarm clock with playlist management. m3u editing and export functionality"
"Basic MVC framework to harvest the benefits of the popular architectural pattern"
"Creates animated gif's from a collection of still images"
"Speedy Icon Creator"
"A small library used to shadow polymorphic operators (and functions) contained in the stdlib."
""
"Using Azure Active Directory with a WebAPI and testing via client console app"
""
"OpenCV Installation Bootstrap"
""
""
"WK Extjs Theme"
""
"A generic server for use with Derby apps"
"Simple Ruby API for the Bing Ads SOAP Webservices"
""
"Zipios++ is a java.util.zip-like C++ library for reading and writing Zip files. Access to individual entries is provided through standard C++ iostreams. A simple read-only virtual file system that mounts regular directories and zip files is also provided."
"Php Windows DLL extension Phalcon 1.2.4 for PHP 5.5 ts (Thread Safe) & nts (Non thread safe) VC11 64 Bit"
""
"First WebGL-Dart experiment"
""
"Website"
""
"Fork of the cleaver project (http://www.sci.utah.edu/cibc-software/cleaver-cibc.html)"
"Generate different colored map markers and bunches of map markers on the fly."
"Practice Angular from egghead.io tutorials"
"these are short scripts that I have written in C++/C (mostly C++) , for a course called ""Problem Solving with C++""... there are also the solutions to www.programming-challenges.com"
""
"An iPad game."
"strann.ca"
"Rename lots of files from rules"
"Ansible playbook for deploying the client registry of the OpenHIE stack"
"Code snippets discussed in blog"
"custom builds of react.js, currently 0.9.0-alpha"
""
"Development"
"Qt demos&examples ported to Qt 5.3.0, runs on Android, Tizen & Linux"
"libopencm3-fsmc-test for NG-UAVP HW0.30"
""
"Checkio Task ""Matrix pattern"""
""
"Prezi Notes on Google Glass during presentation"
"django period widget"
"Magic: The Gathering life counter in jQuery"
"A repository to mess around with data structures in C# "
"A client-side wrapper on the bugzilla.mozilla.org REST API."
"Easing equations for the fx module in the svg.coffee library"
""
"Qt demos&examples ported to Qt 5.2.1, runs on Tizen / Linux"
"Simple Grid with paging and search for Play Framework 2 based on Bootstrap"
""
""
"Playground repository."
"Voice Controlled Computer"
"Sample app  for learning github "
"Saved C code"
"Create second"
""
"simple Bukkit plugin"
""
"Ruby Code kit"
"PHP Code kit"
"My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students."
"Go to badges/shields. Especially if you don't know why. (This repo is old.)"
"Rename files by specific pattern."
".NET client library for Servisim web services."
"The new old tibia server"
""
""
"Automated method of creating certs for testing.  "
""
"Emerge for Blackarch - Download and compile packages as Emerge does"
"Scala view server for couchdb"
"A library for controlling keyboard output with an Arduino Leonardo or Micro via SNES controller."
""
""
""
"small programs"
"Java project I worked on for fun to cheat in the iPhone word game ""Ruzzle."" To run, run through the main class. Note: it may take a couple seconds for a window to pop up, just be patient :)"
""
""
"Jenkins plugin for Capitomcat"
"My configuration files for StumpWM"
""
""
"Time tracking module for the atomic company management system."
""
""
""
"android_vendor_moto_stingray"
"Repository for me learning web design"
"Cinch (codename) WordPress developer framework"
"Clojurescript async wrapper for goog.net.WebSocket"
"Python thing for out-of-band replication of resource data store in multiple availability zones."
"Simple daemon that monitors /var/log/auth.log and notifies you via Twitter DM whenever somebody logs in successfully."
"Persistant blackjack using angularjs and rails 4.1"
"Web-level Face Recognition"
"website"
"SCSS tutorial"
""
"Scripting Libre(Open/Neo)Office with CoffeeScript"
"Slideshow / Carousel with all the images visible and wrap around to create the infinite effect"
"An open source, survey-based matchmaking program"
""
"The contents for my website."
"Quick and easy iron block elevators for Bukkit"
"Object pooling for the browser and node.js"
""
"An advanced template for NodeJS projects."
"early-dance prototype based on Zurb Foundation"
"Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb"
"Mathematical Expressions"
""
"Championship Manager"
"MachineLearningAlgorithms"
"A plugin for svg.coffee library adding functionality for patterns"
""
""
""
"Analyzing the Voynich manuscript"
""
""
""
""
"systemd socket activation for PHP FastCGI"
""
""
"emacs files"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Template Project for Google Glass compatible Android app using OpenCV"
"Travelling salesman problem solver"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"akka spray tomcat example in scala"
""
""
"Famous Martin Fowler's Refactoring Example"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
""
""
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Java Implementation of high performance and DBMS-independent Sequence Generator introduced by Martin Fowler's book <patterns of enterprise application architecture>"
""
"demo repo for students"
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"The iOS app of PhilanthroFeed"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
""
""
"A simple queue to import ActiveRecords objects en-masse using activerecord-import"
""
""
""
"Boilerplate for a complex backbone application"
"A C# .NET client for managing mangas from mangaeden.com"
"Mobile phone repair tracking system"
"version of homework 2 and 3 without action of the button 9"
"test repository"
"Computer problems for Underactuated Robotics on OCW"
"A shapes plugin for the svg.coffee library"
"The magnificent crypto-currency"
""
"Temporary playground"
"James puppet code"
"backend of jukehome on gae"
"GitHub Pages Repository"
"final project of cloud course"
"Initially, this repository is for collaborating on presentation material."
""
"Pint's Website"
""
""
"An experiment in PDF manipulation"
"test application first assignment"
"Black King is a chess mod"
"Things I learned"
"FSOLA - First Steps Of Learning Algorithms"
""
"personal website"
""
"app for learninig leanguage more efficently"
"The APOD grabbers I tried were kinda crappy, so I wrote my own"
""
"Bgv and pkv"
"Profile"
"Android app that predicts the future"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Social Golf Site"
"Gigya Magento module"
"http://uva.onlinejudge.org/"
"JT WIN"
""
""
"A tiny app to analyze top/free/iostat logs.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzjPCs1A8W0. Watch in HQ mode."
""
"Code for my Wikimedia Labs Tools account"
"HelloWorld"
""
"Vagrant + chef solo configs to set up Dashboard VM in just minutes"
"Apex library for interacting with the Tooling API"
"learn to use word2vec"
"Interactive Media-Rich Educational Environment - Adobe AIR front-end"
"Web site for CS 460 at BYU"
"playing around with meteor.js (in progress)"
""
"blah blah blah"
""
"Undelete middleware for OpenStack Swift"
"A Cocoa timer class for iOS and OS X offering a choice of behaviors, so you can use the right one."
"LuaInterface"
"My personal configuration files."
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Recovers from 401 Unauthorized responses, using Angular, AngularDevise, and AngularUI."
""
"Open vSwitch with my tweaks"
""
"Experiments with Hoeffding inequality, feasibility of learning from sample data"
""
"An app which monitors manifesto PRs, and decides if consensus has been reached"
"My microcontroller/arduino playground"
"A client-side controller for lucos_media_manager"
"Simple Haskell Menu System"
"Restful Service"
""
"Here should be all Modules for the Mod Powercraft"
"Web CMS system"
""
""
"Calibrate multiple rtl-sdr dongles concurrently and make them work together on GSM"
""
".DS_Store manipulation and creation from node.js"
""
""
""
""
"vim"
"A multi-select directive for AngularJS"
"create deployment timelines - api written in golang"
""
""
"Simple fog server and protocol."
"UI Elements, Components CSS and Javascript"
"Basic Ruby Control Panel"
""
"Congress"
"Track every file and folder chang on your computer!"
"Hosting configuration for Propertyshelf using Chef Data Bags"
"Data-driven visuals"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Test_project_Rspec_Watir"
"Twitter Bot"
""
""
"a script to detect browser and device for mobile applications to enable responsive design"
"A Thinkful project "
"smart camera eagleeye3e"
"sample client-server application with thread pool"
"turniri"
"multiwii V2.3 use frsky telemetry"
"Herbalife"
"Comments system using Spring MVC, AngularJS and MongoDB"
"LuaJIT2 sources, binaries and build scripts"
""
"A project to help me learn unity3d"
""
"I posted the rants at 2pm on 2 Jan 2014 - got a suspicious email at 4:20pm same day"
"A boilerplate for WordPress custom post types"
"Symfony web app for HubDrop."
"The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"multimedia project"
"My solutions from psets 0-8, and final project, from the online course cs50 [https://cs50.net]."
"Random scripts for doing whatever."
""
"Android app to memorize guitar chords"
""
"All purpose jQuery paralax movement script"
"bibsmobile project stuff"
""
"Creates a .html file with links to all files in a chosen folder"
"data analysis scripts"
""
"A tower defense game in Lua"
"A basic assessment for Adapt that is attached to an article"
"A basic scorm tracking plugin for Adapt"
""
"cairo Lua+ffi binding"
"Working through the Winter 2013-2014 CS 193P lectures and assignments."
"Grunt wrapper for node-imagemagick converting images to jpegxr format"
"Dell Cloud Manager Styles"
""
"Repository for Synthesizer development"
"Controls Onkyo receiver over ethernet"
"Simple network bandwidth throttler."
""
"Bakery retrospective"
"PRESS is a novel framework of trajectory compression in road networks."
"web of fhs"
"RSS attachment downloader written in Go"
""
""
"Beagle Bone Black L3G4200D Gyro"
""
"Hackathon idea to create an app to facilitate RIPAS blood bank information"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Easy to use class to connect to different database (actually MySQL and SQLite) using same methods"
""
"learning to use git"
"A contract management system"
""
"Source code for the playcanvas-based game Chartreuse Warden."
""
""
"Sample program(s) to parse logs"
"Library for transforming an RFC-822 (email) stream into a JSON stream."
"ios course final task"
"An example of a basic solution setup for a brand new application."
"NewRelic plug-in for monitoring the size of Windows Azure queues"
"Simple kernel module to be used in workshop about kernel modules."
""
"C# Tetris Implementation "
"PoC of running CEF under FLTK."
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"My bash configs"
"Sample storage engine for MySQL"
""
"One Game A Month: 2014"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
"3D printable models in STL format"
"Cryptocurrency developed for Aimeescause.org and to further help with cystic fibrosis"
"My own .vimrc and .tmux.conf"
""
" old   808   jt   commit"
""
"Legacy library hours module from staff site."
"Real monsters for tibia"
"Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members."
""
"My Weechat scripts"
"A tool for polling an audience to see what they know about CC before and after a talk. "
"Tiled map engine using Rails, Javascript, and HTML5"
"cs171 website"
"jQuery plugin that allows images to enlarge full size of its container"
""
"Openembedded layer for hisilicon hi3716cv200."
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Donation platform for maxi and tiffy"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Utilities for AngularJS"
"Something to demo git use in class"
""
"The abstraction over all cassandra clients (like Hector and Astyanax)"
"ControlaTIC App"
"[WIP] Go bindings for SDL2"
""
""
"A graphical multiple choice question"
""
""
"Users can buy and sell products, similar to ebay.com"
"RFRateMe will help you promote your iPhone/iPad app without irritating your users. It's very simple to install, use and configure (If you need to change the default behavior)."
""
":spades: Simple example for Instagram API "
"Basic iphone application and python server for using trilateration (trigonometric and least squares) to determine the point coordinates of the phone."
"Google V3 Geocoder Service Wrapper"
"My web spot"
"Data Expander"
"My Personal Space on the Cloud"
"web-pages for fivering"
""
"sublime text 3 on save less builder"
"Example plug-ins for GammaRay"
"Pelican starter theme to be used with theme inheritance, see https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/issues/1092 & https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/pull/1327."
"An Node.js-based Open Sound Control (OSC) library for Flocking"
"JSHint operation for Plumber pipelines"
""
"A plugin for svg.coffee adding svg filters"
"Android app that shows the Spanish lotto results"
""
""
""
""
"A simple ""Gift List Manager"". A little project to learn Play2! and practice Scala"
"Powered by the TransLoc API, this Android app provides directions and times for different modes of transport"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"FoLiA Linguistic Annotation Tool - Flat is a web-based linguistic annotation environment based around the FoLiA format (http://proycon.github.io/folia), a rich XML-based format for linguistic annotation. Flat allows users to view annotated FoLiA documents"
"A Myth integration plugin for Mimosa"
"Read-only mirror of ""rmetrics"" from r-forge SVN."
"Mirror of lp:pyopengl"
"price_monitor"
"Portfolio Site"
"Keller's Personal Game/Engine"
"A (temporary?) sugar macro library for simple check."
"xgl emacs setting"
""
"Development repository for Chef Cookbook for Apple XCode"
"A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.coffee library "
"Website for Explore California"
"Read-only mirror of ""countreg"" from r-forge SVN."
"System code for fourth year project"
""
""
"A minimal sysvinit script set designed for Raspberry Pi"
"Personal website"
"This project exists to help others use basic graph theory (Dijkstra's, closeness centrality, disconnected subgraph detection...) on the D3 graph data structures."
""
"yeast"
""
""
"Metro UI  look for JavaFx controls"
"Tanmay Patel's Personal Website. Providing a hub to get connected with Tanmay Patel, get his updates, shares and be a part of his network."
""
""
"This is an implementation of cat that will add colour highlights to supported types of source code."
"A library for adding transformations to Java source code."
"A library for adding transformations to XML."
"This is a library of classes that can help with implementing the smt-transform API with ANTLR4."
"A simple library for applying transformations to an input stream."
"A modification of the cash mod by Gary Schilling and Apache Kof to support FluxBB 1.5."
"ETL style data flows for Clojure"
"Tools in use during the development of the prototype 360 Giving Standard. Now archived. "
"program to generate SGF properties from Specification file"
"ftp://ftp.figlet.org/pub/figlet/fonts/"
"Gem for mtgapi.com"
""
"simple command line email "
"Zend Framework 1 Http package"
""
"Demo game to show off many features of StrangeIoC"
"Tumblr theme"
""
"Used as the basis for OSEHRA Forum"
"A Minecraft Launcher with nice features and a Modern UI."
"Cross-platform Paint.NET clone"
"Sublime Text 2 config files"
"Complementary module for Dolibarr ERP/CRM : resource management"
"Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing"
"shurik portage overlay bad test"
"Zend Framework 1 Locale package"
"MERA 400 emulator"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"A database application for linguistic examples"
"Pong game for iOS course"
"A command line interface for the figlet.js library."
"kadsys"
"MATLAB code that employs a fitting algorithm and 1D DRS model"
"Bidirectional map for enumerated strings"
""
"Workspace for RADICAL Cybertools development."
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
"The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost."
""
""
"Scripts for self-tracking and personal analytics."
"rebooting processing"
"Website"
""
"ABAP Code sample"
"Bot for Eternity for Doom"
""
"Action and Parameter permission framework for Rails 4 applicaitons"
"Try little programs, tests, algorithms with Ruby."
""
"Zend Framework 1 Search Lucene package"
"Paystation example in C++ from Flexible, Reliable Software, by H.B. Christensen"
""
""
" Addict Radio's Playlists"
"SpriteBuilder character animation demo"
"Example Android app demonstrating possible use of RxJava"
"Read-only mirror of ""analogue"" from r-forge SVN."
"SSL and SSH certificates used in development"
"Various scripts I use"
"Practices of Moq, NUnit, and others"
"Free try of Git"
"A collection of specialized monitors for gollector"
"stage macros, checkpoints and loggers for julia"
""
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Lossless Compression algorithm for cubesat project (using existing solution)"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Debugging and experimenting with appium"
""
"The Campaign Theme"
"Read-only mirror of ""robast"" from r-forge SVN."
""
"SPOJ solutions"
"Google App Engine website monitor based on https://code.google.com/p/cron-tab/"
"work repo for me and urban to have a bit of code control"
"Github pages repo "
""
"Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic datasets for use in pharmacometrics and translational medicine"
"Accumulo source/sink bindings for Accumulo"
"The streaming build system for PHP, inspired by @gulpjs."
"BCM47XX MIPS SoC"
"setTimeout that works with the co generator framework"
"Alfred plugins"
"sym2 "
"oscar12.1.1 release"
"light emr"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"The Nomyx game"
""
"piwik analytics code"
"Minimalist Linux-Based Operating System"
"project to test if a website is being blocked/filtered by using the ripe atlas project.  "
"The website for the new WhatCounts user interface."
"A server for deciding which tracks to play next."
""
"The Method of Managing Volatility in Software"
"the nurse rota generation software / jacop constraint programming  "
"~/.files"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"2DVM suite. Fortran 77 version."
"Ascus website"
"Real Time Information App for Dublin bus for the Sailfish Operating System on the new Jolla smartphones"
"A python script that grabs the latest Bitcoin prices from each of the top exchanges."
"An R package to convert data sets for import into JAGS, WinBUGS"
"Uplift Modeling"
"Biferno Docs Wiki"
"Drivers for Adafruit's nRF8001 Bluetooth Low Energy Breakout"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
"boot_ramdisk for SCL22 (Galaxy Note3 au)"
"A program which takes a brainfuck program as input, and interprets it."
"Clone of the ""Entity operations"" Drupal module"
"Analyzes Jiffy logs"
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Game"
"chat application"
"BRisa is a UPnP framework."
""
"Noodly Appendage Coin - Open Source Cryptocurrency"
""
"simple twitter clone"
"(mirroring) miTLS is a verified reference implementation of the TLS protocol."
"Jekyll Blog"
"Custom Event/Messaging system for JavaScript re-packaged for Meteor"
""
"Chef cookbooks for Go development environment setup."
"Zend Framework 1 Gdata package"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
""
""
"Selecting tool using curses"
"Initial checkin"
"HTTP middleware for Go that facilitates some quick security wins."
"Common files used among the SCA Broker and Agent. "
"Cardiac pacemaker model in UPPAAL and real-time interrupt-driven modules in C++ on mBed"
""
""
""
"Zend Framework 1 Validate package"
"Zend Framework 1 Filter package"
"Zend Framework 1 Uri package"
"Encourages a daily gratitude ritual."
"js aruco augmented reality makers"
"(kinda) long arithmetic"
"Multiplayer, Leap Motion controlled, Dart game running in the browser"
"Zend Framework 1 Loader package"
"Zend Framework 1 Feed package"
"Zend Framework 1 Cache package"
"Zend Framework 1 OpenId package"
"Zend Framework 1 Date package"
"Zend Framework 1 Debug package"
"Zend Framework 1 Crypt package"
"Zend Framework 1 Pdf package"
"Zend Framework 1 Dom package"
"Zend Framework 1 Measure package"
"Zend Framework 1 TimeSync package"
"Zend Framework 1 Soap package"
"Zend Framework 1 Dojo package"
"Zend Framework 1 Currency package"
"Zend Framework 1 Search package"
"Zend Framework 1 Mime package"
"Zend Framework 1 Translate package"
"Zend Framework 1 File Transfer package"
"Zend Framework 1 Layout package"
"Zend Framework 1 File package"
"Zend Framework 1 Version package"
"Zend Framework 1 Serializer package"
"Zend Framework 1 Ldap package"
"Zend Framework 1 Auth package"
"Zend Framework 1 Db package"
"Zend Framework 1 Acl package"
"Zend Framework 1 View package"
"Zend Framework 1 Tag package"
"Zend Framework 1 Form package"
"Zend Framework 1 Exception package"
"Zend Framework 1 Oauth package"
"Zend Framework 1 Navigation package"
"Zend Framework 1 Config package"
"Zend Framework 1 Cloud package"
"Zend Framework 1 Session package"
"Zend Framework 1 Test package"
"Zend Framework 1 Json package"
"Zend Framework 1 Paginator package"
"Zend Framework 1 CodeGenerator package"
"Zend Framework 1 ProgressBar package"
"Zend Framework 1 Server package"
"Zend Framework 1 Markup package"
"Zend Framework 1 Log package"
"Zend Framework 1 Barcode package"
"Zend Framework 1 Wildfire package"
"Zend Framework 1 Stdlib package"
"Zend Framework 1 XmlRpc package"
"Zend Framework 1 Console Getopt package"
"Zend Framework 1 Memory package"
"Zend Framework 1 Application package"
"Zend Framework 1 Mail package"
"Zend Framework 1 Rest package"
"Zend Framework 1 Text package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service Twitter package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service ReCaptcha package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service StrikeIron package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service Amazon package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service Audioscrobbler package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service Technorati package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service Flickr package"
"Zend Framework 1 Service DeveloperGarden package"
"Zend Framework 1 Amf package"
"Zend Framework 1 Mobile package"
"Zend Framework 1 Tool package"
"Zend Framework 1 Reflection package"
"Zend Framework 1 Queue package"
"Zend Framework 1 Captcha package"
"Zend Framework 1 EventManager package"
"Zend Framework 1 Controller package"
"Project euler assignments on Scala language"
"H-1B salaries distribution graph"
"site implementing websockets using tornado and future implementation of mongodb"
"A small Photo Gallery script."
"New def.reyssi.net blog circa 2015"
"Simple text editor written in C++ and wxWidgets 2.8"
""
"An experimental repo for a web based interactive Dart tutorial."
""
"Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project."
"Team Futsal gestion"
"A Trinket powered wireless user interface for multimedia and workout tracking."
"My attempts at solving Project Euler problems"
"My Portage Overlay"
"generic IME for Minecraft"
""
"Reboot Factory - Team 22 : BUKAKKE"
""
"Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network."
"BBj UML Plugin"
""
""
"The prestashop html module"
"Scrapbook for facebook"
""
"Personal Website"
"Bookmarking application for windows using wxWidgets and tinyxml2 written in C++"
""
""
"Aws Js Sdk in AngularJs"
"Redmine plugin to quickly Create/Edit issues in JS popup"
""
"The repository for the Shmup"
"The project aims to develop java based api for getting historical quotes from Indian stock market. These  apis are targeted to solve the data problems related to back testing of an algorithamic trading strategy. Currently we are using yahoo finances for f"
"my dotfiles"
"Python scraper to download all mises.org audiobooks"
"A repository for open source sample code for few often used functionalities used in Xamarin iOS."
"Skeleton MEAN application with some standard tools like Bower, etc."
""
"A simple Flickr photo search built using Angular"
"Just a test!"
""
""
""
""
""
"tcp socket server and client communication"
"Guys trying Git pull, push, branching, tagging, releases"
"Database and API for enhancing history and clipboard processing"
""
""
""
"App based on Node.js, Express.js, MongoDb, Bootstrap and jQuery."
"Test repo"
""
""
"The Joy Programming Language by Manfred Von Thun"
"site based on octopress"
"An intro application for the Ionic framework"
"Widget Development Plugin for Brackets"
"a template system on top of taskjuggler for task planning, scheduling, manning and costing."
""
"Google Places autocomplete API with sample map application "
""
""
"A rough federation test between two or more diaspora pod's"
""
""
"Simple, fast and extensible tweening library for SFML"
""
""
"Example .Net MVC project"
"Mobsite1.1"
"This ansible playbook will install a Debian / Ubuntu system on current server."
"Adaptive Control of 4DoF Manipulator"
""
""
"Dust Dice"
"Plugin that sets up PDFs and external links to open in a new tab track clicks with Google Analytics."
""
"Personal website"
""
""
"Starting files with sass/node/gulp"
"A slider for CanJS"
"Dependency injection system for Python"
""
"writing codes  changing life series"
""
""
""
""
"Online Ads Publishing  - AngularJS Project"
"Projet Web 3I Speckens Corentin"
""
""
""
"A Zend module for creating RESTful web services"
"Advanced application that recovers the Master Passwords of Laptops - http://sourceforge.net/projects/passwordrecoverytool/?source=navbar"
"Given a route, this app will show  restaurants, attractions, etc. you pass by."
"Official API to access Sitra touristic data"
"Blobs of prepared data from the Delta Conservation Demonstration Center (www.dcdcfarm.org)"
"The DeployR command line interface. "
"happy new year"
"opage site I created with foundation."
""
"test"
"Empanada Ordering System with css"
"this is the repository for keeping the markdown format of the book - How to use Moodle 2.7"
"The Fall album and singles lyrics wordclouds"
""
""
""
"Site"
""
""
"KSP Interstellar Near Future Integration which is a Fork of Boris-Barboris/KSPInterstellar"
""
""
""
"Old 2 wheel ball shaped RC toy converted into robot."
"JavaScript Dev Accelerator Coding Challeng Question 3.   Generate an AngularJS, ReactJS or other JavaScript MV* framework app that allows a user to create, edit, update, and destroy (delete) users. "
"Old screwshaped wheels RC toy converted into a robot. This one is able to move an wet soil, snow and propel on water."
""
""
""
"jhj"
"Quadcopter / Blimp modular convertible drone"
"Heavy Development Noob Code C# MineCraft Server"
"Joel's RC car converted into autonomous robot (sonar driven)"
""
"Kind of unit tests and experiments to get used with sensors."
"Experiments using Meccano to holds servo and sensors"
""
"SharpServer"
"AT&T Global Network Client on steroids"
"Dynamic CMS generator for startups and freelancers"
""
""
"Building the backend for a dating App in C"
"software defined radio box"
"A project to translate DNA into music."
""
"Cookbook Page Project"
"Nim Bindings for Simple and Fast Multimedia Library (through CSFML)"
""
"ecommerce site to learn php"
"rails project from the odin project"
"Creative+ Modpack"
"Application for checking current and upcoming classes"
""
""
"The new repository for Project Genesis | Huge WIP!"
"Chrome extension that adds a Todo list drop down"
"project euler, solving done in C"
""
""
"trading"
"Viterbi algorithm which creates a Hidden Markov Model to detect CpG islands within an input DNA Sequence."
""
"Custom JS/CSS to make Wikipedia pages more comfortable to read"
""
"My notes on learning PHP in Chinese."
""
""
"A circular gallifreyan translator"
""
"My personal website"
"ceparent.info client"
"SkypeSpammer!"
""
"Android Activity"
""
"Zor Programming Language"
"A custom file system navigator for Pythonista."
"A Python parser for the Amazon Kindle ""My Clippings.txt"" file"
"Java applet that uses linear programming (gurobi) to solve fair cake-cutting problems"
"To-do List using Backbone.js"
"Personal website / blog / notes."
""
"An Alfred workflow to perform bulk search via Logophile"
"Performs Sankoff's algorithm on a phylogenetic tree (Nucleotides)"
""
"Arduino sketch written in C for hardware project to send MIDI signals to computer using a self-built foot pedal."
"Adds TriggerMap to MMVC framework"
"Registration an developer"
"online multiplayer game "
""
"Test task for jetbrains"
""
"Beat oriented programing langugae"
""
""
"The JavaScript SDK for cine.io"
"Searches for the best phylogenetic tree arrangement from a set of sequences (Amino Acids)"
"nodejs on AWS, practice project"
"Annotations for the papu rest root generation"
""
"Subject Scripts"
""
"Tut-tut"
""
"My personal website with blog"
"JQuery image and content slider"
""
"UW Room Finder."
"API wrapper and CLI tool for waa.ai"
"Android DP / PX, PX / DP Converter"
"Mock design of the google homepage"
"App created using larval."
"A free HTML5 remake of the original Pokemon, expanded for modern browsing. It will include the original maps, a random map generator, a level editor, and over a dozen custom mods."
"A little android app to taste the beginning of programming in this platform"
"this is a source code for puzzle game"
"FactoryGirl Associations - Apollo portion"
""
""
"Data structures for Redis"
"CS 6250 - Fall 2014"
"this my gif website"
"Display notification right on the website whenever receive new notifications"
"2D C++ & SDL RPG Game "
""
"android logo with css"
"Programming few problems in node"
"Port of Clojure's transducers to Apple's Swift language"
"A Protobuild template for an empty console project."
""
"Collect everything"
"AgentP is a small python system monitoring agent"
"An IP socket client and server for controlling raspberry pi GPIO pins. Also a CGI interface for controlling from the web."
"Get efficient with seeding your database for tests in Laravel"
""
""
"Operating Systems Lab-JOS"
""
"An easy-to-use UIImagePickerController replacement for picking Images and Videos."
"The most funny code commands"
"Show group of packages based on its related dependencies."
""
"A server to support www.pierce-m.com"
"Dialer Project"
"Markup for www.ohrpublishing.com featuring the Chumash Mesoras Harav"
"Use easily the DJ Shield for Arduino by Nootropic Design https://nootropicdesign.com/djshield"
"Simple RNNP (Random Name and Number Picker) for picking contest winners."
""
"Erlang learning"
"Website Resmi Menabung Cinta"
"A Django-powered website where you can create an account, vote in other users' polls, and create your own polls as well."
"Geolocation using gmaps.js, installable for FirefoxOS. Works in desktop explorers with location enabled"
""
""
"collection of scripts, etc that I cart around to different machines"
"screme binaries for iOS/OSX"
"Time to learn"
"Stylesheets for Documentation Pages"
"Twin oaks spraying site"
""
"A button flap for angular "
""
"An IRC bot with a bunch of features."
""
""
""
""
""
"Codes for MAE6286 Practical Numerical Methods with Python"
"Convert OpenERP chart of accounts to Tryton"
""
"Basic repo to get started using clojure in heroku"
"Simple RNNP (Random Name and Number Picker) for picking contest winners."
"iTunes Plugin for CakePHP"
"Hacks for Novena"
"An Objective-C UIView that will search iTunes for an app and return the basic results."
"Windower addon"
"Updates your library with the latest chapters of your favourite mangas"
"continue sequence of functions, is very lightweight and powerful function queue for javascript (NodeJS and ...)"
""
"My Custom Intellij Plugins"
"Addicted to Train Simulator? Finding the game too predictable? Let this tool tell you what your next shift is!"
"CSS selector parser (WIP)."
"Open Source Twitch Bot"
""
"Naver Cafe Activity history Parser"
"kgnu schedule refactor"
""
""
""
""
"Java Generics Refactoring Tool for Inferring Wildcards"
"An audio playback tool for listening to lectures."
"Webpage source for PGE 334 Reservoir Geomechanics"
"C++ 11 template-based reflection API"
"Chinese chess engine"
"mobile conference app written in Ionic"
""
"Breakout board for ATX power supplies"
"A tool to check md5 sums given an untrusted file and a sum that has been received out of band"
""
"Hungarian Mozilla Applications - Search options"
""
"A Pokemon Pokedex built with Backbone"
""
""
":mortar_board: Example for generator-janus-reddit"
""
"A small Java program that converts an integer to its corresponding word."
""
"code for raspberry pi robot"
""
""
"An AngularJS wrapper around Cloud9's JavaScript code editor."
""
"treehouse treebook project"
""
"Convert timestamps between time zones"
"A framework for composing and transforming music in Swift"
""
""
"demo-demo"
""
""
"Tricky getting started, but WTF?"
"A Protobuild template for a cross platform Easily Overlooked MonoGame project."
"Learning Tango with Django"
"Manipulate colors like you write Sass. Mix some colors like you paint."
""
""
""
"a group of tools base on ANT"
""
"Go client library for ConoHa API"
"A basic game theory strategy for Settlers of Catan."
"a 3n+1 perl implementation"
"A Windows 8.1 application which translates text in billboards to foreign languages. "
""
"Advanced Android Virus"
"blog articles"
""
"coolkids"
""
"My personal tech blog"
""
"My personal blog"
""
"Blog for Shelby Doolittle"
"A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi."
"A module to interact with OSX Calendar"
""
"for RecSys Channenge"
"Pagina Artistica Profesional"
"just a simple test"
""
""
""
"This is Java program that takes the spelling of an number, and converts it into the corresponding integer."
""
"Python script to count the total number of views across all of a user's photos."
"A opengl terrain generator that implements the fault algorithm with opengl"
"Assorted code from projects from UPenn MEAM 410/510 course"
"LaTex Resume"
"A curated list of technology related advent blog/articles"
"sample spring application with multiple command patterns which are injected into a list so they can be processed"
"Labs for cs162 Honors Introduction to Programming II"
"off-line screen navigation to show distance with colored icons & circle "
"Avoid the asteroids"
"Tidol Limo"
"c test programs"
"Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated."
""
"code for raspberry pi robot"
"Optimized algorithm for finding the trace route in SDN application"
"8fold, a fast-paced numerical puzzle game"
"Go library for connecting to the Twitch pseudo-IRC, TMI."
""
""
""
""
""
"An android application that will count and also store data regarding chrono events"
""
"Introduction to Engineering"
"Exploration"
"hartl's hello_app"
"A Python prgram for sending cat facts to people via SMS"
"Sensor driver library for SB Project 2014-1"
""
"First repository"
"Python library for finite element exterior calclulus on arbitrary hermitian manifolds"
""
""
"Personal website"
""
""
""
"A custom pull to refresh control with a sonar/ping type feel."
"Converts gziped p2p lists to cidr output"
"a simple test"
"Micro-framework for Golang web servers"
"mongo hadoop mapreduce"
""
""
"A sane static Handlebars Grunt plugin."
"testing"
"mainly used to generate some xml settings"
"This is the site, the thing that makes the OpenItinerary work. Enjoy."
"Some games I've made."
""
""
"Typesafe key-value parinings for Android Bundles."
"iko2007@bk.ru"
"My demo"
""
"This project involves the simulation and analysis of two message routing algorithms namely Gossip and PushSum. We use SCALA and AKKA framework to simulate the nodes and the message passing transactions."
"Xamarin sample for switching between forms and native"
""
"Android Course bitfountain.io"
"The code for my personal website- www.vineetk.com"
""
"List of coding resources. "
"ansible version of application template"
""
"a simple to-do-list using jquery"
""
"Simple JS, HTML, CSS, PHP and mySQL"
"A simple Library Managment System developed by using Java. Adding / managing book entries, add / managing members etc. has been done by connecting to a SQL database."
"matao_code"
"Database Programming Assignments"
"A simple browser based markdown editor. Enter markdown on the left, get HTML on the right. Hit the Save button to export it."
""
""
"This is a Test Repository"
"Dockerize the ""LATEST"" version of VirtualBox with Extension Pack and phpvirtualbox"
"(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)"
"Computer Networks Course Projects"
"Web page for the This Is Us Project to facilitate students' data entry"
"A Sentry notification plugin for HipChat"
""
""
""
"coppi-development"
""
""
""
"Perl5 module for managing clusters"
"Framework version for PCL 4.5 - Profile 78 (Xamarin) Code taken from https://github.com/Quobject/EngineIoClientDotNet"
"Ansible Playbooks"
""
"codecademy js game"
"Vagrant GeoServer"
""
""
"This is a test repo"
"A tool that deciphers vague instructions in English and generates equivalent code in C Language."
"example"
""
"DEANDROID platform manifest"
""
"A hive2 multi host adbc based datasource. This will help in load balancing in round robin fashion while acquiring new connections from each Hive2 server."
"first repo new arduino board for christmas!"
""
""
"Code for an indoor bike trainer workout generator"
"ELB Certificate Rotation tool"
"Sample Node.js application"
""
"How to refresh REST services with ColdFusion code.  See http://www.cf-mike.com/refreshREST.cfm for details."
""
"Swift implementation of basic container view controller"
"Altium PCB project for the Dione LED board."
""
"Generate a podcast RSS feed from your Pinboard bookmarks"
"A SMS-based server for Android written in python"
"Project Euler solutions in Python"
"hello"
""
"RecSys Challege"
"Fresh Prince"
"Developing Android App"
""
"Visualising tax data"
"Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind. "
"Realtime sensor and input UI library"
"Personal Site for Matt Gerstman"
"Arduino condition monitor"
"SkylandsPlus for Spigot 1.8"
"main page"
""
""
"Random exercises whilst learning Haskell"
"ATxmega256A3BU-XPLAINED-Simon-Says"
"The virtual adventures of Harold and Kumar  in physics simulation land"
"Jump Them Clouds"
"FashionPassionApp"
""
"Temp repo for practicing Uncle Bob's Clean Architecture on iOS"
"Repository for playing around with code from The Haskell Road to Logic Math and Programming"
""
"PCL Xamarin Client for socket.io 1.2"
"caca"
""
"Email Blast for JSAV: 01-01-15"
"twitter sentiment analysis based on paper by pak et al. Also used to learn a little redis"
""
""
""
"A website for myself"
"Go Core"
""
""
""
""
""
"Ansible playbook for Ubuntu security remediation"
""
"valid-attribute / Apollo TDD"
"play with different data structure."
"Undergraduate thesis"
"Just another repository"
"Small tool to determine OS Version"
"GLAArrayEditor store for Mantle objects with JSON loading & saving."
"Let's develop Unity 3D games in Ruby!"
"OpenMiracle version 3.0.0 has been released"
"I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>."
"Xamarin Forms Plugins"
""
""
"This program offers the user random articles from Wikipedia to read."
""
"Chevaline Delta - Doubleplugungood desktop software for UAH"
"learn mocha chai sinon"
""
"A collection of ""Coming Soon"" templates"
"A simple cude 3D game on Android."
""
"Fundamentals of Computing I"
"script to serve up local directory using a minimally-configured Apache"
"Discobots Splash Page"
""
""
"my first github repository"
"Wrapper for the Silo file format in Julia"
"A Private Fields Proposal for ECMAScript"
""
"UPnP Client for Dart"
""
"C++ virus (+ keylogger) with PHP/JS backend"
"ASP.NET MVC Application with MongoDB database"
"Swift Conventions and Style Guide"
""
"CherryPy App Engine Seed"
"Atp Site"
"3rd try"
"random images"
"Core library that is used by my other mods"
""
""
"Repo for the redesign of Hudl's roster page (using materialize to help achieve Google material design aesthetics)."
"Course Project of Formal Verification"
"a game"
"Dave Thomas' prefix exercise in Elixir"
""
""
"My personal list of essential packages for Arch Linux"
""
"Send and receive network notifications in a LAN."
""
""
"prototype code for mobile app that will estimate speed of object "
""
""
""
"Small Ruby File That Returns Product of User Input While Ignoring Strings and 0s "
"practicing implementations of common regression techniques"
""
""
"Misc. collection of c++ programs illustrating the capabilities of the language."
"Special openwrt packages for davinci dm36x"
""
"Puzzlebox Bloom - 3D Design"
""
""
""
"This repository contains the ""Individual posts per page"" extension for phpBB 3.1+"
"Old C#/XNA game I was working on.  Unfinished."
""
"Algorithms in python"
"Maintain a set of offscreen cells and use them to help calculating dynamic cell size in sizeForItemAtIndexPath"
"Additional crops/items to Magical Crops"
"web app for collaboratively making ordered lists"
""
"talks of @morganherlocker"
""
""
"working through Rust by Example http://rustbyexample.com/"
""
"Professional website, featuring blog posts, apps, libraries and slides"
"An ascii rougelike/rpg in c# console."
""
"2 player volleyball game written in C using x11 graphics"
"Rails app for a small shopping cart application"
""
""
""
"Wiki via read the docs"
":hatching_chick:"
""
""
"Chilkat Wraper"
"Just a job board website."
"A simple python script that will update your twitter account with Bitcoin, Litecoin or any other Altcoin price."
"multiplayer arcade space shoot'em up in go"
"Shoulda/ Apollo TDD"
"An Security Framework based on Spring-Security"
"a small game using pygame"
"Base WordPress Theme"
"Snake made in Mips assembly code."
"Source for blog. Middleman site."
"deamortized exponential datastructures"
""
"Golang Command Line Functionality"
""
"PHP projects"
""
""
""
""
"Example of using System.js"
""
""
"YMApps on Android"
""
""
"ChitChat: Chat Better (breakable toy for Launch Academy)"
""
""
""
"Boggle solver written in Java"
"Initial Ecommerce site using bootstrap"
""
"This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat"
"example test"
"PXP Plugin"
"A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server"
""
""
"first git"
"The Messenger"
"Samba docker container"
"Completely modifiable armour and tools"
""
""
"Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects."
"A zelda clone in c# console."
""
"Demo Wordpress "
"Project to create a JS canvas app to create 3D printable discs for automa-te kits."
""
""
"Conway's Game of Life built in Python 3."
"Hydroponic culture equipment that can be used in 4 ways (Use/Don't use LED/empty can)"
"An open gl test project"
""
"hson is a Python 3 tool for extracting Hearthstone game data"
""
"Android Sample - Current GPS Position"
"edward first rails app"
""
"New project tracker repo, capturing version with 3 models (staffing, project, task)"
""
"WebCam viewer / blackboard thingy"
"Exercises from Khan Academy lectures"
"waveform renderer using fft"
"tianmao-js"
"This's my first repo on GITHUB"
""
"And then, IceDragon tried to make tetris in moon"
"Working Title"
"Personal Repo to store daily /r/dailyprogrammer challenges"
"This is a test"
""
""
""
"Some tools used in my working life"
""
"These are my bash and zsh profile files."
"Just test"
"Cribbage score calculator in lisp"
"Provides ability to sort XML elements."
"Programming assignments done in any MOOC"
""
""
"Interface to operate an UART GSM Modem for the 8051 microcontroller "
""
""
"To support my article"
""
""
"A website for sharing videos with less than 100 views.  "
"RSPS"
"Kinect to OSC"
""
""
"Generative Tree for Unity3D"
""
""
""
""
""
"A repo where I learn, play and experiment new things. Currently: Git and Jasmine and MarionetteJS."
"Various utilities written in Elixir."
"fdgfdgdgdgdf"
"Created new REPO"
""
""
""
""
"Woo. "
""
"Custom UITabBarController with a cool new look for the tabbar and an animated background selector"
"CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )"
"Women Who Changed the World website project"
""
"Just a project following a rails tutorial..."
"Tiny little clipboard manager I threw together in go"
"ESPToy is an Arduino-compatible gadget for the ESP8266 WiFi module"
"Harvey Birdman Rule"
" A Python script that render a .svg file into .png files in the correct resolution for Drawables in Android. Developed for"
"Tutorial Ruby on Rails Application"
"about world"
"Android example with Portals user login"
"Generate Wiki pages in Confluence following provided page structure"
""
""
""
"This is the first time try"
"Version object for Perl by scala"
""
"Keeper of Lua in Linux Kernel"
"My first Minecraft mod."
""
"CipherSet 3a for telehash"
""
"Personal files for my VPS"
""
"the brains to a raspberry-pi vacuum releaser"
"My github site"
"LeapMotion to OSC"
"A frontend blog-style app that fetches data using the WP REST API."
"Fundamentals of Computing II"
"The base package for the papu rest tools. "
""
"personal website"
"Example Android application for accessing RPC and Portals APIs"
""
"A little machine-learning project for me and others to better understand neural networks. X should be a nested list of training vectors. Y should be a list of 1/0 points (yes/no)."
"use these source files to demonstrate the edts red underline bug."
"A Minecraft Femtocraft power conversion addon"
"A post install script I've created to add repositories, update the system and install the applications I need on Ubuntu."
""
"my first repository"
"Arch package repository"
""
""
""
"M16 OmDoll Layout"
"DYnamicTestGit"
""
"Air Traffic Control for Kerbal Space Program"
""
"Dockerfiles, for a media pc"
"Generic-Threaded-Worker"
"The classical todo example in various frameworks, basically for learning and demo purpose."
""
"Matasano challenge answers http://cryptopals.com/"
""
"CRUD com JPA/EJB"
""
"An objective-C wrapper for Valve's Dota 2 API"
""
""
"Librerias_y_Codigos_para pics"
"NuGet package for Angular UI UI-Utils"
"My stupidly simple website (powered by sw)"
"Some simple play arounds with camel components"
"A legit backdoor to my brain"
"quick swift introduction using twitter and swifter"
""
"A mini Netflix clone web app built in Node.js that uses TheMovieDB and Rotten Tomatoes movie data"
""
"A quick word count plugin for Vim, perfect for adding to your statusline"
""
"North Hennepin CS1130 Java programming class"
""
"ownStaGram"
"OSX/Swift learner project involving AVCapture and possibly OpenCV later on"
"Practicing Haskell implementation of Kaleidoscope LLVM tutorial"
""
"Pebble app for SimpliSafe alarm system."
"Simple Flora project using a 12-LED ring and Compass module to always point north."
"Porter Stemmer in MySQL"
""
""
""
""
"/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */"
""
""
"Main"
"Simple, mobile first CSS framework"
""
"Collection of scripts for different analysis."
"Lagunamental blog"
"My first time learning Git and GitHub with Kendrick"
"Automate project-level tasks (e.g. TAGS regeneration) when a buffer is saved."
"iCloud Apple iD BruteForcer"
""
"Chrome Extension to Improve Teambition UI "
""
"my_first_repo_at_git"
"All of my answers to the problems at Project Euler."
"9fold, a fast-paced numerical puzzle game"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"The playground of all things ianpmcintyre.com"
"Pulls in radio stations and ranges - puts on map "
"Adds a wide range of flails"
"bash functions for retrieving and replacing Fortran namelist parameter values"
""
"This is a  tutorial that shows how to integrate a Twitter API into your app."
""
"linux thread learning and practice project"
""
"A library for toast notifications from desktop app"
"This is my first responsitory."
"Personal R package of Ben Cunningham"
""
""
"Compiles decaf language into java bytecode.  Utilized Lex and Yacc.  Written in C++."
""
"Picking a language for Spek vNext"
"adblockplus.org"
"small ideas in code and not code"
"Stuff about Java."
"backbone tutorials from: http://arturadib.com/hello-backbonejs/"
""
"My Resume/Portfolio"
"Chatting and send file across two LANs"
"a year quantifying aspects of my life"
""
"Scripts and Code for Think Stats ebook"
"A brief narrative game in Twine about a space explorer"
"a repository"
""
"My personal home on the web"
"some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School"
""
"sFoursquareAngularJS"
"A hybrid mobile application for college students to find study groups,arrange meetings according to class schedules"
"Pinterest style hangrax page"
""
"My first github repository"
"Site"
"Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails"
""
"Landing page!!!"
"practising"
""
"Night mode is an app that automatically mutes your phone at night."
"Twitter Oauth with Django"
"I am reading ""Python for Informatics: Exploring Information"""
""
"game"
"React + Golang API with Postgres"
"Lajja is sanskrit for shame."
"learngit"
"Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)"
"Artificial Intelligence as a Service. Node.JS based API for AI."
"Pretty directory tree generator"
"Sandbox"
""
"a modpack so light, it could run on a blender!"
""
""
"greetings..."
"Replace reponse by local files"
"CustomAnnotation"
"MON TP1 PHP HYPERMEDIA"
""
"pacman repo manager"
"A working example of using the Facebook iOS and Facebook Android Components with Xamarin Forms"
"Typetalk API Golang library"
"&[T] minus lifetimes"
"Ping Pong score keeping app"
"Overrides of some Yii2 core classes"
":floppy_disk: List of coding resources. "
"SmartThings' SmartApps"
"Previous version of Danmake using Java's LibGDX. Discontinued due to low framerate in favor of C++/Oxygine"
"u1"
"iOS/Android app that provides daily information on new places"
"Listing my favorite albums of the year, since 2011"
"Atom editor language package for VisualsBasic .Net"
"fresh laravel copy"
""
"Just my dotfiles"
"Too young. Too simple. Sometimes naive. A SQL DBMS as a course project."
"CS 344G website"
"Bukkit plugin providing warp functionality"
""
"the scripts for exersise"
"Copy files to a remote host using WinRM"
""
"A simple notebook with 1 page "
""
"Learning Angular JS"
"link link link"
""
"Ruby coding exercises from Chris Pine's Learn to Program book."
"PlugY Push SDK Example."
"django"
""
"lib for c++14"
"Code for Udemy php contact form lesson"
"a crappy javascript particle physics simulator"
"Sets up my development environment"
""
"Alfred extension to quickly open your github repos in the browser."
"a wordpress theme for the redesign of Prospect Enrichment Preschool"
"Hello World ! Hello GitHub ! "
"Expreso Gran Muralla Website done in HTML/CSS/jQuery"
""
""
""
"QML based Cross Platform application"
""
"Include Euclid algorithm, Extend Euclid algorithm, Extend Euclid algorithm using recursion, Fermart primality test, Lehmann primality test and Solovay-Strassen primality test."
"Store details of other people without using database"
"6.00.1x Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python"
""
"https://www.leafac.com"
""
"vapecoin VPC https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=911357"
"Manny's Magical Master Manager is an aid to manage the small details of DMing for you, so you can focus on the real work. Currently available as a text-based interface, a GUI is planned eventually."
""
""
"Supports Google Cardboard for Windows Phone in Unity3D"
""
""
"ember-cli addon that provides a simple identity map for ember.js web applications"
"linux"
""
""
""
""
"Pilot Light tower heist"
""
"my web"
"This extension helps with filtering github pull requests and jira fix versions"
"point of sale application using hapi.js + angular.js +mongodb"
""
"A Pacman clone made in Unity - C# / high scores / progressive levels / AI"
""
"february ruby class"
"Include some monalphabetic substitute cipher alogrithms, attack on caesar cipher, frequence analysis on monalphabetic substitute cipher and 3x3 Hill cipher."
""
"Toying with the PRAM reddit API (hopefully)"
"async iterators (reduce, map, each) of collection (array, plain object)"
""
"A Processing project to generate all the github default avatars"
"My fairly broken test repo written for a frankensteined xcode-theos weapon of mass destruction"
"Android app to keep track of whose turn it is."
"Practice App that builds Cellular Automatons"
"RMI based social network "
"A Git mode plugin built using the ShellCommand plugin, which makes customisation and adding new commands, super easy."
"A very simple Java program that allows you to find the IP address of the computer that you are using."
""
"Just for testing Git"
"Parse the templates used in pack() and unpack()"
""
"Tutorial for Django List"
""
"Pure Nim implementation of ECDSA cryptography"
""
"server"
"Automatically sets the network activity indicator for any performed request."
"A simple Mustache parser written in C"
"My First Repository"
"Include S-DES and Differential Attack on 3-round-DES."
""
""
""
"Flappy Boot is an Atari 2600 game written in 6502 assembly."
"Yujun Liang"
"A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser."
"Repository with my android practices"
"A project I'm gonna do just for fun."
""
""
"Welcoming myself to Github!"
""
"my first repository"
""
"A simple job site with search functionality"
"A community-curated list of flexbox issues and cross-browser workarounds for them."
"tcp server and client code"
"Include S-AES and Differential Attack on S-AES."
"say hello to github"
""
"Configuration scripts for a Raspberry Pi + Camera"
"Single page application for Portfolio Simulation"
"ShockTrade Server - powered by Broadway (github.com/ldaniels528/broadway)"
"League API huehuehue"
"Microformats 2 Version of Underscores Starter Theme with Indieweb Support"
"A single page site using a accordion form design to add a new job opening"
"HasanOzgan's Personal Web Site"
""
""
"A base starting framework for most projects"
""
""
"Assembles SIC and SIC-XE programs into machine code.  Written in Python."
""
"arche"
"Testing Git workflow"
"Papers every Lambda Lounger should read twice"
"baurs"
"Application modules for arkOS"
"Ellipse curve cipher."
"linked list implementation in javascript"
"Plugin to use browserify on js with rebar"
"MD5 algorithm."
"A generator that builds emails with the juicr setup"
""
"Web Rollout Project"
"useful scripts for react development"
""
""
"simple python scraper for cragslist tickets"
""
"See ckeditor.com"
"This Java program allows you to be able to type in coordinates, and it will verify whether it is a rectangle or not."
"A basic implementation of common pathfinding algorithms"
""
""
""
"aws"
"Content of my Master thesis research"
"My code and Fritzing schematics from going through the Arduino starter kit."
"A muttiplayer peer to peer Mazegame"
""
""
"my first github program"
""
""
"A repository to test the development of responsive navbars"
"My first Android Wear Disaster"
""
""
"Basic web app using the MEAN stack"
"A web based solution for managing sport tournaments. "
""
""
"This just to try uploading my project"
""
""
""
""
""
"Software Construction"
"123123"
"Gallery with a some Super Abilities"
"A Game partly based on the DGameFrame "
""
""
"Interprets Scheme.  Written in Scheme."
""
"First Test Repository"
""
""
"hello"
"simple python scraper for cragslist tickets"
""
"The Gruntlr Backend API"
""
""
""
""
"Test and Examples of Go "
""
"my test project"
""
"First repository for Hadoop programming"
""
""
"Top Down Survival Game"
""
""
""
""
""
"CO318 network programming 2 course 2nd group project ( with Kanchana Gamage )"
"record my solutions on leetcode"
""
"Pacman AI projects developed at UC Berkeley(used with permission)"
"A Go WebSocket implementation with support for rooms/channels."
""
""
"Django app for my album a day website"
"This can track visitors that coming to a site and store their details such as location,browser type, os, etc"
""
""
"A Flask project that creating web app for finding readability of texts.It is an online readability calculator"
""
""
""
"Multi-platform streaming music application"
""
""
""
""
""
"Datadog DNS Scripts"
"development work "
""
""
"Finds the the average number of words per sentence"
"Implement a ruby program that returns a string and its substrings e.g. (Below => below, low)"
"Introduction to Algorithms"
"An opinionated framework for command-line applications"
"A simple to do list written in Swift for experimenting"
""
"An open source, plug-in based, and completely modular chat client."
"A collection of Utils that i use in my plugins"
"My Solutions to Project Euler Problems"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Vimtutor adapted to Emacs+Evil and wrapped in a major mode."
""
""
""
"Allows you to create field that allows multiple selection of records, such as tags, compliant with Bootstrap 3"
""
"Handy promotional item shortcode for WooCommerce"
""
"hypnos"
""
""
"Student Platform"
"Android App for attendance marking at IFS daycare center ( with Janitha Madushan )"
""
"archives tweets that may be deleted"
""
""
""
""
"custom fritzing and eagle parts"
"just for testing"
""
"old implementation of ippnar"
""
""
"Working papers and python programs for my graduation thesis"
"dotvim"
"Remote notebook interface for running perl code"
"Computer Organization and Assembly Language"
"Wordpress username and password brute forcing demonstration."
""
""
""
""
""
"Portfolio Website"
""
"Zefti Push Notifications"
"Python script that renames files based on imdb data"
"A small python/flask baised ""search answers"" project to explore indexing, parsing, retieving open data"
""
""
"new Repository"
"server side cross filter which will fire required queries directly in respective database"
"yo yo always"
""
"convert kana to roman."
"Lesson 1"
""
""
""
"Sample benchmarks for various BinarySeriazliers"
"Simple To Do List "
""
""
""
"Nginx proxy for transmission"
"Daily kittens to your webhook"
"Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015."
"sample"
""
""
"the application to create java classes based on db schema"
""
"Like Google Cal"
"Javascript, object-oriented survey engine."
""
"sample repo"
""
""
"FreeBSD jail management tool relying heavily on ZFS"
""
""
""
""
"BoL Script"
"Puppet manifest for setting up new machines"
"Coursera online course - R Programming"
"A website for the Cornell Democrats"
"javadoc to chm"
"Placement Portal "
"This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number."
"Be cosy and fast to build Android App."
""
"helloworld"
"Embedded System Software"
""
"A simple image processing software which needs to be improved"
"sample1"
""
"Fluent Html Helper for Asp.net MVC"
"A short story about a cyclist who used military technology to improve his cycling career."
"Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015."
""
"Canary version of Dynmap"
""
""
""
"Test password strength (cracking-time) using real guess-dictionaries and mangling rules."
"This is a sacred incantation to the programming gods"
""
""
"hello world project"
""
"Replication in HTML and CSS of a design mockup provided as a PNG image. The responsive functions are based on Bootstrap."
"Crawler for Douban Books and Movies"
"Chrome extension that allows you to easily quote webpage snippets"
"I want to create a small billing system for restaurants as a mini project "
"For Javascript Test"
""
"fundraising web application"
""
""
""
"Image processing on AVA database. Creating some new colour features, colour descriptors."
""
"Brewing up something new."
"backbonejs and mojolicious based todo list"
""
"my first project"
"Nodeschool Chennai Chapter, India"
"The code project done for the LinkAcademy Java course assigments"
""
"Example from Android Studio"
"Tools and code that is for personal use - may not make much sense to anyone else"
"Making a triangle however tall you want, and with whichever character you would like. "
"some useful public tools and docs, not the private"
"addon for ossim"
"Lightweight accordion for applications which are not using jQuery UI and needs accordion"
"first time"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Learn to cook with an unprofessional programmer"
""
"Latin hypercube sample with constraints."
""
""
"Node.js sending mail over SMTP using Amazon SES"
"Basic game"
""
"sharepoint codes"
"Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth."
""
"Roguelike using Java with Swing"
""
"waze api"
"Unity 2D FrameWork"
""
"corporateScrapBook"
"My Cambridge Lecture Notes"
""
""
"Fooling around with Haskell and Dota 2"
"This is a simple vbscript App for text to voice conversion"
"DontSaveMeGame is based on cocos2dx3.2 for developing"
""
"Project name: Hospital_help Project description in detail:     Schedule of today's events that can be printed     Details of events to help motivate the patient     Ability to create and edit events     Encouraging pictures and videos when patient follows"
""
"practice for CodeForces (http://codeforces.com/)"
"THIS IS A SERVER VERSION YAY"
"localgit repository"
""
"wifi scripts"
""
""
""
"hello"
"A group of various D3 examples I've made to show off large graphs rendered with D3"
"PHP AES Key Wrap (RFC3394 and RFC5649)"
""
""
"RFCs for changes to Revel"
"Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D "
""
"Input plugin to collect data from Deskcom"
"Pico CMS theme utilizing Skeleton boilerplate"
"first repository"
""
"My MEP602 numerical assignment solution in D"
"Test Project"
"Gives a new word everyday. For people who want to increase their vocabulary."
"Working example of jakewharton's dagger+butterknife demo app"
""
""
""
"ksana database"
""
""
""
"Sample android app for recyclerview using Linear, Grid and Staggered Grid Layout managers."
"Sample Repository created to learn Git"
"WIP: execute interactive commands on your servers via SSHKit"
"//test"
"Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf"
"javarush_user"
""
""
"Lambda Ladies website source, hosted on GitHub pages"
""
""
""
""
"This is my first test repo in GIT"
""
""
""
"My pages"
""
""
"Simulated computer from Dietel's ""C How to Program"""
""
"Microsoft CRM/CCA Hosted Control"
"An Unrolled Linked List."
"front accounting"
"initialthing"
"visit any value recursively"
"LS"
"Sina Blog Migrator"
"Parse CybOX content and index in ElasticSearch"
""
""
"just my first github"
""
""
"This is my first file test."
"test asp net"
"Learning to crate a repository in github"
""
""
"Reproducing plots of Bayesian Data Analysis (Gelman et al, 3rd Edition) in Python"
""
"write a test project"
""
"learn how to clone a repository form remote repository"
"myweb test"
""
""
"Test for GitHub"
"This is my first repository....... a baby step !!"
"An App to Integrate Social Networks"
"Based on OneMonthRails tutorial, building a Ruby web app"
"Microsoft CRM/CCA Exernal application adapter"
"NCKU_2014Fall_Biomedical Information Retrieval: Final Project"
""
""
"tiny library for manipulating bits in JavaScript"
"Tutorial"
""
"Daily programming exercises from the daily programming reddit page"
"Personal website and portfolio"
""
"elasticbeanstalk dirs shareable, better status updates, aws fab tasks integration, improved version tagging"
""
""
"ArcheAge-like XP Bar for WoW"
""
""
"Asynchronously loading Ace Editor to a Meteor app. Ace version in used: 1.2.1"
"AdKiT Basic Version for web development"
"A simple counter app written in Swift"
""
""
"codeigniter admin"
"Minecraft/ComputerCraft Lua Scripts"
""
"Casino quiz app"
"LightTable and JS promises"
"third sdk"
"some algorithms by ruby"
""
"Web Application Template based on Silex"
"First Lesson"
"contains sample files"
""
"asd"
"Java Video Blog - vlog application"
"mobile app for regular commuters on BART"
"Test project to show the problem described in http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27721621/java-lang-verifyerror-with-mockito-1-10-17"
""
""
"Adventures of H atom. No. 1"
""
"Windows version of DeskNet"
""
""
"phpMyAdmin via SSL with self-signed certificate"
"Odin project of Google homepage"
"tech128's optimized sqlite3 for android"
"Source code for the YouTube API, Version 3 on Rails article"
"AngularJS Startup Lesson"
""
"Portable Userspace eCryptfs"
"let's hang out in space."
"Sound recorder android application"
"Linux utilities built for android"
"This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL"
"Counts your running activity and plots on the map."
"A kissy template engine for Nodejs/Browser"
""
""
"parse token and replace its value from message strings. "
"git test for Ubuntu 14.04"
"docker repo"
""
"simple tip calculator"
"A hello world project"
"A parcelify transform, which allows you to import files using the node resolve algorithm."
"A very simple Vagrant box for Rails development"
"Personal Website"
"Endless scroll data load using RecyclerView"
""
"Test"
"macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard"
"Ruby command line applications"
"Various iOS related sample projects."
""
"RoR Tutorial 3"
"Shiny App to keep track of CRAN download logs and to visualize them"
"DORMM files versions"
""
""
"address book"
"A implementation of Dijkstra's algorithm, with Graph class, to find shortest paths between points in a map."
"hadoop 2.6 Multi Cluster configuration files"
""
"Personal configurations for Chrom[e|ium] OS"
"address book"
"Command-line tool to download Google Spreadsheets as JSON files."
""
""
""
"Keikogi Application Template (bootstrap)"
"This is a test with drupal8"
""
"Demo Drawer Menu Material Design"
"This modules adds improvements for searching in the product list."
""
""
"Find pool tables in a city near you"
"GitHub practice"
""
"artisanal filler text for your site or project with qml"
"It's a library to manage all your background work in your app"
""
"just a normal app to show the movie ratings and rotten tomato reviews"
"simple app"
""
""
"my first foray into git. I'm gitty. *rimshot*"
""
""
"Online Shop Price Compare Indonesia"
"A repository that contains all the code for kaggle knowledge competitions."
""
""
"test"
"just4learn"
""
"Full featured tank battle game over net, supporting map creation/sharing, multiplayer gameplay"
"EditLabel is editable Label control, who's text can be modified at run-time by double-clicking on it."
""
"A django app that implements a "
"A Ruby Script a Day Project"
"Solutions to Rosalind problems using Rust"
"Some simple terminal utilities for Go "
""
""
"Kindle Fire HD6 (4th generation) Information"
"A simple repository to play with git and update how to manage things better."
"This is a my web game bult in HTML5 and Javascript and without use of any additional frameworks, engines or libraries."
"Source code for lessons and assignments of Udacity-Twitter course ""Real-Time Analytics with Apache Storm""."
"As of yet unnamed (assembly-to-C) decompiler, targeting Borland/Turbo C++"
"For latest version, please refer to http://www.sigchi.org/publications/chipubform/sigchi-extended-abstracts-latex-template/view"
"Ghost Theme"
"A lua library for output formatting with conky and dzen2"
"Ingame"
"Spark open source program to fetch top urls, hashtags and usermentioned on basis of keywords"
"Interactive voice forum is the discussion forum forum meant for effective governance in organizations by the system admin."
"A tool to help organic synthetic chemists in exploring, evaluating and planning synthesis of novel and known organic (and possibly organo-metallic) molecules."
"just another demo"
"illegal parking reporting platform for tainan city"
"Almost 200 common file icon free to download."
""
"Lightweight and robust framework for creating composite components using Guice."
"Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8"
"happy school days"
"TradePlan is an Android App that help active trader to calculate the risk for each trade he is going to take. And for every trade he can monitor and get the latest price update directly on the device."
"This contains a single javascript file and the bookmarklet code to check a single page for broken links."
"Some simple terminal utilities for Go "
""
""
"Simple web application like twitter"
""
"Python Integreatde Selenium Framework"
"Final Project Wireless Systems and Networks course"
"Testing"
"Public repository for bot.drupal.hu"
"Sci-fi-themed turn-based strategy game."
""
""
""
""
"Problems solved in Topcoder live competitions + practice rooms"
""
""
"Simple jQuery onType Event"
"A bukkit plugin which allows players to TP when they can see the sky."
"a book store (angularjs practice)"
"Nutrilife Admin Portal"
""
""
"Sample App for demonstrating memory leaks in AngularJS"
""
""
""
""
""
"A simple implementation of the 'Lights Out' game in Elm"
"test1"
""
"Code and worked exercises from the book 'Statistics is Easy'"
"Simple search functionality with Meteor and iron:router"
""
""
"Testing the github.io and Jekyll"
"Multithread version"
"Basic algorithms and data structures"
""
"GameStateManagment"
"trial"
"A Chrome Extension to Log Cookies for Further Analysis"
""
"Slides"
"This is the personal repository for learning purpose."
""
"misc programs and utilities for java"
""
"Tiny app to aid in scrum estimation. User just clicks on S, M, L, or XXXL"
"Repository for solutions to hacker rank problems (all domains)."
""
"Beginner codebase for me to write small, grid-based java games."
":clock3:"
"gulp development server"
""
"Noel is not a Blu-ray disc. Noel is a test runnner of chocolatey packages!"
"SICP exercise solutions"
"A quick shadowmap class."
"this WordPress plugin allows you to display your delicious bookmarks on a post depending on its categories or tags."
""
""
"A notebook"
""
"ijk999"
""
"Simple material design menu button based only on css3 animations"
"Faster string utilities implementation for Go"
"Driver for managing and delegating matrix calculations"
"Using cuckoo search algorithm to solve spring design problem."
"Logo files for CTDP."
""
"Compatible hashing API for NodeJS"
"Portfolio Page"
"Project of controlling an thermostat"
"helper classes for arduino dev. Tested with GTest+GMock."
""
""
"This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. "
"Location to share downloads, documents, and papers."
"the plan B"
""
""
""
""
"a starter kit for webpack+reactjs including hot modules"
""
"sessionanly"
"Resizes an image to a bunch of different sizes."
"Including sonar plugin"
"Source code for a website showing movie filming locations in San Francisco."
""
"Application skeleton"
""
""
""
"Big Data project for analysing India's PM's visit to USA done in collaboration with Apoorva Chauhan"
""
"Lightweight - simple PHP lib to handle multi-threading"
""
""
"Homework for Node Course"
"I made this project to help my friends and people who want to learn programming."
"Fork/continuation of damson_splitter to split up SpineML model for efficient computation"
"A C# Portable class library to access Hue devices."
"072015"
"First repository based on tutorial guide"
"Netwrok Course Lab1"
"Simple Hangman Game (Used for Training Courses)"
"Single page aplication adds maintainer written by AngularJS"
""
"Udacity Git/GitHub training course reflections"
"The current live version of the site while we await the next version."
"First Project"
"xlsx parser for multilangugage applications"
""
"clone of https://code.google.com/p/webiopi"
"eCommerce Association Rule"
""
""
""
""
""
"test"
"I made this project for secret chat application among my friends."
"This was the course I had taken in MSBA Program (UT Austin) to learn the basics of Text Processing"
""
""
""
"example2"
""
"Bittye Portal"
"Blog"
"optional"
""
"Beti"
"kindle highlight js bookmarklet"
""
"Java client for the Wink REST API"
"jquery resizable"
""
""
"Client concilium chennai"
"public pages"
""
""
"A 2D birds eye view game of tron."
"thread utilities"
"lessons"
"ttttsss"
""
"Ffs - Framework From Scratch built for research purposes. Reinventing the wheel, every functionality without using the power of Open Source"
""
"Populator for rainbow-dock"
""
""
""
"Critique a CPAN distribution"
""
"Plugins to publish stars for Rock Star app from Rally."
"Steetfighter animation for the Thinkful FEWD"
"A collection of my programming projects - "
""
""
""
""
""
"A set of PHP functions to better deal with accented utf-8 characters"
"Duke's personal page"
""
"Basic Ruby programming project for theodinproject.com"
"Script execution"
"Toolbox for rapidpro users."
""
"This is my personal website"
"Philadelphia Sports Trivia Game"
""
"Web app for collecting email addresses."
"test project"
"HTML Canvas Framework"
"html tempalate"
"greenhand"
"A python REST API framework for flask"
"To help small and medium sized supermarket  make purchasing plan, warehouse goods, sale  goods, new staff, analyse profit and loss, etc."
"string manipulation operations in java"
"Fork from https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress.git"
""
"Including sonar plugin"
"get used to Business Intelligence, this is my final project of BI class."
""
"Working with cookies in a Nginx module http://www.nginxguts.com/2011/01/working-with-cookies/"
"Send sms to everyone you want"
""
"A small python script that controls a DSLR to take up to 31 pictures for HDR processing"
""
"String utilities and parsing"
""
"test"
"Clojure library for dealing with CIDR ranges"
"TestObject"
""
"mahbub@Gmail.com, Remo@Gmail.com, mahbub@outlook.com, mahbub@Google.com, mahbub@remo.com"
""
"Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift"
""
"Nodejs Message queue using ZMQ and socket.io"
"Sample project testing"
""
"MITx course on Computational Thinking and Data Science"
""
"Queue simulation of public phone"
"my dotfiles"
"simple cms using active admin"
"To keep track of exercises and who were there and for how long. Also to keep record of members and their training hours. "
""
"Personal programs to control robot with Arlo hardware."
""
"configured spring project with MAVEN "
""
"Simple Mustache-enabled boilerplate for Express.js"
""
"Addon for GalactiCraft3"
""
"Abandoned. mockup here http://conditionalsupport.makopool.com/"
"A simple launcher for Wine which converts regular Unix paths to Wine paths (Z:\). Use it in your .desktop files."
""
"A simple server-sided RSS reader for Rails"
""
"Github user page"
""
"Skeleton for a cross-platform native app with a web-based UI."
""
""
""
""
""
"[HALTED] Angular Service for accessing Bara API"
"base data struct and algorighms api"
"Rename url"
"Deal Website"
"HTML to Image Conversion API"
""
"C++ implementation of the multiresolution sphere packing tree."
"Ansible role will help you with installing original vmware-tools form Vmware or fallback to Open VMware Tools (open-vm-tools)."
"Solutions to challenges from reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer"
""
"Pixel sorting using radix sort."
""
"Website for Neon Family Church"
"Nagios releated tools"
""
""
"Repo for Isa's website The Paper Quill"
".."
"push to git"
""
"A simple map hack for Path Of Exile"
""
""
"Nucleo Board L053R8 Eagle Library"
"Grow room automation with raspberry PI"
""
""
"--"
""
"Nothing at all"
"this is a github test repo"
"My Movie Manager"
""
"this repository is used to learn git"
""
""
"World Wide CSS!"
"practice and learn the Django python web framework"
"Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management"
"Chef cookbook for the Distributed Grep web app"
"The traditional game five-in-a-row. Used OpenGL combined with C++.The artificial intelligence is implemented by alpha-bet "
"Fix your Baby's Birthday"
""
"Log4net appender for writing to an Azure ServiceBus queue."
""
"Move your body is a kinect game when kinect sdk haven't appeared and used openni"
"Trial"
"Go library for parsing and writing fixed length fields (aka ascii)"
"A webProject"
"Haskell typechecker"
"Project 1 for Udacity Data Analyst Nanodegree"
"Virtual machining considering dimensional, geometrical and tool deflection errors in three-axis CNC milling machines, Journal of Manufacturing Systems, 33(4):498-507, 2014"
"test functionality of git"
"ZF2 logging module"
""
"This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API."
""
"How to efficiently read large .csv files on your notebook"
"A repository containing docker images for Magnolia CMS"
"Python script used in my project ROBOCar which won the ""Best Project Award of 2013""at  aDAVitya 13, DAVIET's technical fest."
"Express SASS Bootstrap Animate Grunt Boilerplate"
"The vehicle information management system"
"read Excel files and return as oledatareader *support office 2013"
""
""
""
""
""
"Chef recipe to install packages commonly required by rails gems"
"Spy Agency Teasing"
""
""
"A python version of simple implementation of matlab. Used for familiarizing with pylab."
""
""
"John Delshadi Portfolio"
"Mobility Minds Website"
""
"for windows: shho.exe; for mac: shho; source code: reg.py"
""
"Rest-API / YII - PHP"
"Octopress source for my blog.  Blog sources in separate branch."
"A minimal Angular2 playground using TypeScript and SystemJS loader"
"This NotepadEditEnhanc Of Develope Version."
""
"Initialize Keikogi Application Skeleton"
""
""
"We shall see what comes of it."
"sorting the planets of the Solar System by their relative size, with D3"
""
"This is my blog resource"
"Python Program to covert speech to text"
""
"Some Python scripts I wrote to learn Python."
""
"Mespelare VSCP node "
""
""
"read beginning rails 4"
""
""
""
""
"Given a path to the folder containing movies, this script:"
"Blog Repo."
"TiddlyWiki"
"test for clone"
"My OpenBSD-related things"
""
"Record and plan your physical activity."
""
"test"
"Simple server & client applications in Ruby."
"code samples OCaml and standard libraries, what I missed when starting with ocaml"
"kfront"
"Create Digital busniss cards"
"Simple server & client applications in Ruby."
"A SignalR test project. Where AngularJS is in play, which wrap SignalR nicely."
"Simple REST Client using Apache HTTP"
"A NES emulator in C++"
"a utility in assembly to move files according to type of data "
"Show non-intrusive notifications"
""
""
"Backward compatibility extension for Tao 2.6 to 3.0 update"
"ozfortress summer cup nodeCG scoreboard "
"GPL+LGPL sources from the SiliconDust HDHomerun download page"
"sqlcmd for PostgreSQL"
"The best practices on a brand new Mac OSX setup for Web Devs."
"asdasd"
"A clean Markdown to HTML Website AWK program which is no more complicated then it needs to be"
"This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV"
"Just another wp-admin fail, you probably need more sleep"
""
""
"Greasemonkey userscript for uni-klu.ac.at"
"testing"
""
""
"GitHub's late 2014 syntax highlighting"
"About update strategy utility can used in app auto-update module"
"My Vim Settings"
"My namespace for making easy TCP and UDP connections establishing"
"Website for client9.com 2015"
""
"simple rotate file writer"
""
"you can make a android application rapidly"
""
"The frontend app is built by ReactJs + Reflux architecture"
"Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible"
"Express-SASS-Bootstrap-Animate-Grunt-Boilerplate"
"Basic To Do reminder app for iOS 8"
"Lyman Lai'"
""
"PRU public website"
""
""
"dammIT theme/templates for kontent CMS"
""
"The website for rpgo.hu"
"Just another Repository"
"d"
"twitter app"
"corejava"
"Do not waste the food of the cabinet of feasting"
""
"Tools for automation 1c:enterprase admin everiday work"
""
"Spoj Competitions"
"Format your commit-message and promote from vim"
""
"Repo for sources of pirockinez.com"
""
"Install DHCP client and configure hostname"
""
"greenhand"
""
""
""
""
"This is core java project for testing my core java apis"
"test repo"
""
"A writtenMorse and normal morse code converter."
""
""
"A simple blackjack game"
"notes for digital media"
"blaugie!"
"Empower your Linux machine to run Pexes"
"This is repository for codes used in Opera Library"
"learning to use the Django web framework along with Ubuntu."
"A basic config reader in go"
"Saloon of beauty"
""
""
"it will simply print the hello world statement"
"Windows KMDF driver for the Nintendo Gamecube Controller Adapter."
""
"Denotational semantics for discrete-time FRP"
"Hey Hello ! Hello World !!"
"A WinForms application that snips string inputted in one textbox and shows the output in another."
""
"nbApp is a light weight javascrip library that uses jquery modules/functions to interact with modern Websites and WebApps"
"My adventures with swf decompiling and flash hacking."
"Mine repository for work and tasks"
"Guyanese Recipes"
"java 8 async sample"
"proxy"
"Fix Salesforce Multi-select Picklist with any REST API for a JSON insert and alleviate JSON_PARSER_ERROR"
""
"Game --Monopoly"
"My media files"
"first app on Github"
""
"Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana"
"Testing"
"Demo TODO app to test mithril"
""
"Convert C header to ctypes-compatible description of shared library"
""
"Project enables deployment of Spring SAML applications in Google Application Engine."
"A writtenMorse and normal morse code converter."
"My first! This is also the repository for my Cash Register code in Minecraft."
""
"A python implementation of keyboard-piano."
""
"An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework"
""
""
"Phase 4 Ematrix site. Skeleton, SASS, Cleaner Git. The final frontier of this work."
"Server for BMS and Automation"
"Learn this language in the most inefficient way "
""
""
"Log analyzer"
"Small Examples that add value to scripts"
"Ethereum DAPP contracts"
"twitter app"
""
""
"symfony2"
""
"Python code examples"
"MITx course on Computational Thinking and Data Science"
"irssi scripts"
"Get Information from 2X RAS Server (tcp/20002)"
""
"Flock scaler automatically kills and resurects instances based on haproxy usage stats."
""
"fmcg-mcable"
"Parse a webpage for links to files/folders, download them recursively."
"Example of RestKit use from ReyWenderlich web site."
""
"Simple todo list."
"For my project"
""
"chef repository "
"development vagrant box"
"NeverCat Wordpress theme, based on Zurb Foundation 5"
"test repo."
""
"Build your own LISP, in Rust"
"The official shapefiles from Barcelona, converted to GeoJSON and TopoJSON for making your life easier"
"An HTML game"
""
""
"My first git program"
"jabba the hud. yet another generic hud/ui engine"
"Python library to parse Apertium stream format"
""
""
"My Angular Learnings "
"Some random plugins and shit"
"Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts."
""
"BEL website"
"Free Aplikasi Perpustakaan Indonesia"
""
"Final Project for ITP"
"A turn-based game in the terminal based off of Pokemon"
"A simplified version of the Ordnance Survey UK parliamentary constituencies shapefile"
"Attempt to mimic the twitter profile page UI"
"rails test, just for fun"
"Generic warehouse for my test/trivial code-base"
""
"When developing web solutions, assets such as JavaScript declarations or HTML templates are frequently written in a location that differs from their desired output location. SuperScript.Container.Mvc allows developers to easily declare these assets in MVC"
""
""
"A collection of opencv code snippets"
"The repository holding resources of the wdp mid term project."
"online encyclopedia searching engine"
"A writtenMorse and normal morse code converter for Android"
"JavaWorkSpace"
""
"shedule"
"A pedagogical approach to kalman filters"
"Coffee Script course"
"Just testing"
"record,better than before"
""
"Bluetooth controlled car powered by Arduino."
"php-MySQL based note taking and journaling application"
"Simple Android App which will calculate the checksum for a 9-digit ISBN fragment"
"Solves any android bug within seconds"
""
"A simple technology radar map (made famous by Thoughtworks)"
"My solutions to Project Euler problems"
""
""
"MRTE(MySQL Realtime Traffic Emulator) Player"
"Create help for canon printer install"
"MertBus rs485 Transport Protocol Libraries (arduino&.net)"
"LinkedIn profile retriever "
"MRTE(MySQL Realtime Traffic Emulator) Collector"
""
"Generate a pure xml from a mysql Table."
"hey who knows"
""
"A simple database and management for MTG cards. Later maybe oracle parsing and logic."
"test"
"My First Repository"
"Simple HTTP proxy for mega.co.nz"
"Problem solving using Java"
"A collection of Docker base images"
"Prototype of a language."
"Sheet metal workbench for FreeCAD"
"database service for java5775_5366_9373"
""
"A short Python script to create a template LaTeX, Bibtex and Make file for my university work."
"Download AC'ed solutions from Codeforces for any username"
"system"
"GitHub Pages Website!"
""
""
"Suse automation scripts to execute from jenkins"
""
"testPublishing"
"iOS client for UOless"
""
"Custom tools and scripts for Leadwerks"
""
"Net::MEGA - Simple API for mega.co.nz"
"miniaturize.me"
"Wrap selection with a LaTeX environment"
""
"SifAPI is written for swift (Apple programming language), which manages REST API calling & returning results magically."
"Snake game"
"Embedding scripting elements into HTML pages that activate as you scroll."
"akka_playground"
"sqlcmd for SQLite"
""
"Web App"
"share"
"contains python templates, examples, ..."
""
"The Dark Vortex web game"
"test2"
""
"Molecula.io"
"Install and configure OpenSMTPd"
"The Ambta MVCEngine is an engine that lets developers build Model, View, Control applications in PHP. The engine is compact and only provides the basic rendering. It is scalable, flexible and easy to use."
"initial"
""
""
""
"PingsAttack"
"SlidingMenuUsage-AndroidStudios"
""
""
"Website for the Archivist web radio station"
"Atom port of GitHub's 2014 syntax highlighter"
"Test repository for meteor-velocity issue #223 (https://github.com/meteor-velocity/velocity/issues/223)"
""
"CryptoPal Challenges"
"TripFinder and Make clients included"
"Hotel Search A"
""
"Example of overloading QDebug"
"test"
""
"Crystal Farm 1.1 ""Crystal Lattice"" "
"Framework practices."
"Example 3D Scene using OpenGL3"
""
""
"Encapsulated choice options for Django `choices` on CharFields"
"A javascript client based mesh processing tool. Built using vcg library, emscripten and webgl"
"kof's sketchbook year 2015"
"My personal drills and experiments with different programming languages."
"How to create a gentle transition between design mockup and HTML markup?"
"A Minecraft plugin control and management plugin"
"A multi-platform game framework in C# using Portable Class Libraries"
""
"Encapsulated choice options for Django `choices` on CharFields"
""
"Display SEO tags (meta, link...etc) of the webpage."
""
"The VDBA documentation."
""
"Just some stuff"
":bow: Brainfuck interpreter implemented in C"
"Curses application to handle Jenkins configuration"
"Example gulp project"
"Small tweaks in Wordpress as mu-plugins"
""
""
"An example of the DialogFragment ans AltertDialog"
"Running through Angular JS Phonecat Tutorial"
"A core java library for all Minecraft plugins created by me"
"just starting"
""
""
""
""
"My training journal. All physical activities!"
"A spelling based Educational Game"
"R-programming materials and assignments from the coursera data science specialization"
"Some fun with batch"
"Map::Metro map file for Athens"
"A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. "
"Exphost homepage"
"This repository for different datastructure implementation in java."
"rest service for cicada"
"Simple php page for booking-processes."
"SourceBans.lua with ULIB/ULX Support"
""
"This is simple javascript project"
"Slovenian Student Meals System web application - implementation in ASP.NET MVC"
""
"social-share This is used for implements social services sharing buttons to your website.  It helps to create buttons with minimum coding effort."
""
"rollup file with all custome elements"
"Test how to pull"
""
"this is a test "
"first git repor test"
""
"this is the first git project"
""
"test"
"Keeps the zeitgeist of your blog"
"bud dom manipulator"
""
"RAPID is a set of tools for the alignment, and analysis of genomic regions with small RNA clusters derived from small RNA sequencing data."
"Portal for BDCyclists community"
"Chrome extension"
""
"surf browser, a WebKit based browser"
"Interleaved Reed Solomon encoder & decoder"
"Just a quick mod for Admins for quick and easy teleporting between dimensions."
"Language development by @literallybenjam"
"The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)"
"Text processing in Python towards Diana book-work."
""
""
"test project jenkins"
"Oracle based application level Encryption and Decryption utilities for 10g and 11g(AES enabled)"
"Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)"
"Examples for handling Notifications in web browsers"
"1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season"
"Starter ansible template for new site project."
""
"learning git"
"A plugin for Kerbal Space Program "
"Provides anonymous voting for any models"
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making JavaScript-specific declarations such as variables or function calls."
""
""
""
"This extension tells the information of the book you are browsering if it exists in Njtech Library"
"this package is an ANN toolbox,which the early published genoud algorithm and rgenoud package is employed to optimize BP process"
"This is my First repository made for experimental purposes only"
"Angular JS Form Validations"
""
"Application being built to learn git"
""
""
"Email analysis simple exercise"
""
""
""
""
""
"A modular approach to LSL with support for pseudo-object orientation"
""
"Blog application for MOCC class"
"Code snippets"
"PHP MessDetector ruleset for Magento 1.X"
""
""
""
"Nuevo Repo"
"Collection of Objective C helpers"
"tdd-part2"
"Website - for showing Strava.com Best Efforts"
""
"My testing repository"
"hello-world"
""
"Android learning project, trying to create example catalog"
""
"Struts email Client"
""
"`Array.prototype` iteration methods for any iterator."
""
"Stringhandling projrct"
"openldap for coreos"
"Collection of all problem solving practices that I do."
"Responsive Bootstrap Admin"
"Get call log details after ending call"
""
"Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers"
"Ensures the locales package is installed and configured."
"URL Shortener built with C# WebApi "
""
""
"Plex channel for tweakers.net"
""
""
"A small Perl script to fetch availability stats from Pingdom."
"Protect your apps with the Samsung fingerprint reader."
"Tracking faces captured from the webcam device with opencv using Haar Feature-based Cascade Classifier."
"Control a Raspberry Pi from anywhere with RabbitMQ & Python"
"Bunch of scripts for different purposes"
"Upload files to an AWS S3 bucket and sync them to dropbox using an AWS lambda function"
"Chef cookbook for monit"
"Tutorial Lazy loading test in PHPUnit using ReflectionClass"
"my 2048 in c++"
""
""
""
""
"just do it!"
"Free Learning is a module which enables a student-focused and student-driven pedagogy that goes by the same name as the module. Read more about Free Learning at http://rossparker.org/free-learning."
"Python script for finding duplicate files within one directory"
"Litvinenko\Common\Object class that powers Varien Object class with data validation rules taken from 'illuminate\validation' package"
""
"Visual novel engine"
"A salty-ass 100% verified hacker status python script to turn apple id's into apple crisp #nicememe"
"Reddit clone in ruby. WIP"
"This is mu first sample test repository"
""
"Debianization for uselessd system daemon."
"Android App to locate some important places in bangalore"
"my first maven jsf project"
"Android app builder"
""
""
"Golang NEST library"
"App for university"
"Instant message application (client)"
"Most useful algorithms in machine learning based on Python."
"Instant message application (server)"
"University assignment "
""
""
"Django 1.7 Template app with doc generator / api-doc generator / Tastypie"
""
""
"JWM App Menu Generator based on great work done with fbmenugen: http://trizenx.blogspot.com/2012/02/fbmenugen.html"
"Simple application implementing longest prefix match for finding corresponding ASN to given IP address."
"Build container for Jenkins jobs."
"BlogKulinarny.pl _htmls"
"A collection of Arduino projects"
""
""
"HTTP router, middleware and context for Golang"
""
"iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift"
""
"A robots meta tag editor for Umbraco backoffice v. 7 and up"
""
"My super sample app to test out Jenkins."
"University assignment "
""
"My Github Blogs"
""
"Searches cuts in a video file."
"Event service on JeroMq"
"iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift"
"fourty - planet template pack"
"Basic App"
"unity"
""
"Basic animation of background images when scrolling vertically down a page"
""
""
"Firmware for a modular, configurable Arduino sensor hub"
""
"my first repository, study use github"
"ITS VERY COMPLEX AND VERY INDUSTRIAL"
"Lei Deng's Technical Homepage"
"UBJSON extension for Jansson"
""
""
"Blog App"
"update of axed bots"
""
"Garmin .tcx file editor"
"bugherd like system"
"Series of introductory sessions to julia (http://julialang.org/)"
""
""
"Test repository for Atlanta Macros"
"Modified version of Equinox Evolution."
""
"Coding Abap Blog"
""
"A Docker image for Stash"
"Admin Studio"
""
"docker repo"
"updated"
"My Long awaited Single Page App"
"Welcome to Open Triad! This project is a reimplementation of the fabulous card game called ""Triple Triad"" originally developed by Square for the Playstation 1 game ""Final Fantasy 8""."
"Arduiono & Raspberry code to run an automated cat feeder"
"Convert data"
"Miscellenous python scripts"
"GrandCraftAuto plugin"
"updateed"
"This repo is used to extract web content"
"Test Repository to test the innovations of the code."
"Personal blog using Octopress"
"My first steps with fully isomorphic SPA app in React."
"Persistent IAT hooking application - based on bearparser."
""
"This is a simple game developed in Swift"
""
""
"Go FIDO U2F Library. This Go package implements the parts of the FIDO U2F specification required on the server side of an application."
"update2"
"Wordpress Theme based on the free mystile theme by WooThemes. Requires Wooframework to work properly."
""
""
"Formats Cucumber output into format compatible with Xcode Build output so that errors and warnings appear in the Xcode Issues Navigator.  Useful when using Cucumber through the wire protocol to develop in C++, Objective-C or Swift"
""
""
"Crappy Incomplete Zombie Survival Game"
":dancers: Tween is a lightweight easing library. Written in C++03"
"An autonome directive that show a switchbox over an input checkbox tag "
"test repository"
"Just my experiments with Haskell"
""
"some ios tech snippets"
"A starter leiningen project for Dunaj"
"Working Cucumber Android Sample Project."
"Contol iptable port forvard via web gui"
""
""
"Persistent job queue for iOS based on NSOperation and sqlite."
"Baikal"
"Tools for unit testing: @data_provider and FixtureManager"
""
""
"Long press on the Notification Center's top segmented buttons to clear all notifications on iOS 7 & 8"
"A little test mod for minecraft. My first."
"MeetUp is a social network power by Ruby, Sinatra, Web Sockets and Web Components"
"A Python library for generating pseudorandom condition/ stimulus lists for psychological experiments"
"Target for 2015"
"java"
"polarpersonaltrainer.com importer API"
""
"The Java code for LeetCode"
""
""
""
"Self balancing robot project. Initially an Arduino sketch. Then I want to move this into Cylon.JS and run on something that supports node such as a Beaglebone Black (RPi doesn't have enough GPIO and PWM)"
"Original demonstration application for DrawKit."
""
"Timer on CLI, and notify with Growl."
""
""
""
"Implementation of simple UNIX shell."
"solr config"
"Rails Demo App on ETSY During Training"
"I was assigned to design and implement a web site for Online Ads Publishing as single page application (SPA) using HTML5 and AngularJS."
""
""
"test desc"
""
"Tibetan Wylie Markdown"
"FeeFo "
"extension name map to language"
"Visual Studio Plug in to add in HLSL source as directly linked source code via a generated C header"
""
"AngularJS Project"
"Setup of testing users, access groups etc for Heroku environment"
""
"UNMAINTAINED - Sends an alert to a user when they receive a warning"
"fizzbuzz created using CoffeeScript and mocha for testing"
"This is used to scrap webcontent"
"cpm"
"CSS into SASS"
""
""
"First Ruby on Rails App"
""
"a config file and skin for atom.io"
"Data store/api for recording Tessel/IOT data."
""
"generates PDFs to illustrate working of Eratosthenes Sieve"
""
"Firs repository on GitHub: game project"
""
"searches for the Local cheats and hacks"
"A Tessel Node app for reporting module data to the Tessel Data Server."
"ondrive.loc"
""
"MapRend"
"Python learning"
"A Web-based tool for viewing data collected by Tessel Reporter apps with data stored on the Tessel Data Server. "
"This is used to scrap the web"
"Russian (RU) Language"
"my first github repository"
"gitdemo"
""
"Custom UINavigationBar with Google Material style, for iOS written on Swift."
"Shelling's segregation model with UI."
""
""
""
"File Check Sum"
"Ascii stylesheets"
""
"A minimum implementation of Java SE 7"
"Creates KMP skip array and BM skip array using KMP and BM search algorithms.  Searches specified text file for strings contained in another text file."
"Mocks"
""
""
"Sample cocoa-pod creation project"
"math"
"Learning angular with typescript and requirejs based on Dan Wahlin example"
""
"Slices an image into pieces with specified size. Useful tool for sprite creation or animations"
"Commit 1"
"System of particle with collisions."
"GF resource grammar for Basque"
""
"Wireless Reconnaissance And Intelligent Target Harvesting"
""
"Application for a simple lottery draw made using cordova for multi device targeting ."
"First Git-Hub repository just to know"
"Sample apps covering various scenarios with a single page of HTML (using Angular) and Spring Security"
"REST Javascript Example App for OpenAM"
"Setup HornetQ instances using Puppet"
"Docker build file creating a image of a box containing web application security scanners."
"Puppet config for crobot on arch linux"
""
"This is the first repository, to test how works github"
"Heroku War"
""
"test"
"Admin Interface for Open Xchange based on AngularJS"
"A website aiming to show people how to cut their emissions"
"A wordpress plugin for donation processing"
""
"Chef recipe to install/configure redis-server"
""
"An app developed during the training sessions on Ruby on Rails "
"Jekyll Bootstrap Theme based on twitter"
"EMR for GD"
"Task Manager"
""
""
"Gao Gao Shop"
""
"The .gitignore file we use for our Android projects created with Android Studio."
""
"My personalized osxc-starter repository"
"Project for testing Kundera and CMT JTA"
""
""
"Super simple client-only cursor pagination for Meteor"
""
""
"These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse"
""
""
"con-jekyll"
"Compact password generator made in PHP"
""
"ruby 2.0.0p481 docs http://emanual.github.io/ruby-docs/"
""
"learning go"
"A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables"
"Exploratory Data Analysis"
""
""
"api-sdk"
""
""
"This is to host a website using pages"
"weibo uxss-exp for fun"
""
"php learning project"
""
"docker base, for running LAMP."
"Simple wrapper for the jayson library to make rpc calls to the Bitshares client"
""
""
""
"tempest scenarios upto 02/01/2015"
"Programming challenges from Codewars and HackerRank"
"simple python script to get a list of jobs and their status and store in sqlite database"
""
"Simple time measurement and collection utilities in scala"
""
"icons for e"
""
"DoS Homework"
""
"Elasticsearch Plugins"
"Ascii stylesheets making use of ascii.rocks - JS implementation parsing CSS to show ASCII on HTML5 canvas"
""
""
""
"Just another repository"
"java on centos as docker images"
"etsy-app"
""
""
"Little Framework to load, contain and optimize webforms from Zurmo-CRM"
"PhoneCall.Forms.Plugin is a Xamarin Forms plugin from Isham Mohamed"
"Some tutorials"
"A TYPO3 Neos Quote nodeType"
"Cross-platform socket API for Xamarin iOS/Android/Forms, Xamarin.Mac/MonoMac, Windows Phone 8/8.1, Windows Store and Windows Desktop."
""
"The Standards and Conventions of the Cuberis Dev Team"
"Windows reverse shell service"
"This repository contains source code for the OpenKantu trading system generator, which uses price action based rules for the automatic generation of trading strategies. For binaries please go to mechanicalforex.com"
"A message oriented Framework for Real-time communication"
""
""
"Scripts for building .Net projects outside of Visual Studio"
""
""
""
"Learning C and OpenGL"
""
"My code files."
""
"Random page for random python stuff"
"Rich Ambition"
"Tutorial of beego"
"leetcode oj solution"
"ruby on rails installation- Two steps for Installation of Rvm + Ruby + Rails + Git + Sublime +MySQL + PostgreSQL on Linux."
""
"android app for hecosire.com"
""
""
"bymo backy"
"rpc framework  based on python3, asyncIO and aiozmq. Run IPython and asyncio together!"
""
"Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)"
""
""
"a school project"
"Practice - Blog For Stuff"
"http://juntao.gitbooks.io/3-web-designs-in-3-weeks/ by juntao"
"An amateur game for my first repository on GitHub"
""
"IMAP Notifier app for Firefox OS"
"Monitoring car condition system with elm237 "
""
"Wallet aplicaion"
""
"A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP"
"Configuration for awesomewm, based on Legospacy's config."
"Project management application"
"Microsoft Office 365 EWS (Exchange Web Services) Client Library"
"Local Project used to manage the debts for some registered users"
"NodeJS request library as HTTP API"
""
"To find husband's location via Google map."
"Example of mapping db unicorns to domain unicorns."
"Voor documenten"
""
"A-code source of Platt's Adv550 adapted to CGI"
""
"Parent application for the 'inbox' engine."
"Beautiful charting of pandas.DataFrame with Highcharts"
"Alarman wakes you by interval alarm."
"Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project."
"A-code sources of Adv660, adapted to CGI"
"vimrc...etc"
"This is to host a website using pages"
"Wrapper for the DigitalOcean API V2"
""
""
"me"
""
"reimplimentation of LD31 game by CAT_IN_THE_DARK"
"acm.timus.ru"
"Learn the web by spaced repetition"
"Small Minecraft mod to disable vanilla Minecraft ore generation"
"first plugin written with pGina framewotk"
"This is a test repo."
"cafe software with hibernate and struts"
"A simple Processing sketch runner for JRuby"
"Nodabba Source "
"Multicast DNS and DNS-SD for the Spark Core"
""
""
"Some programs of angularJs"
""
"exam project"
"Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source."
""
"Repository for the Avazu Kaggle contest."
""
"Github Tutorial"
"OPI manual"
"A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP"
"Implementation of FizzBuzzKata"
"My first App"
""
""
"space war sim in its simplest form"
"My wedding website source code"
"getting started with github"
"testing fuelphp"
""
"Some more advanced longtouch event states for Titanium"
"this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP"
"Benchmarks in java and android for cherry-collect"
""
"My first repository"
"this program will fix  Error (0xc000007b) on most games including league of legends "
""
""
"An example for a plugin framework implementation"
"Solutions to the Project Euler's problems"
"Some drawings for CNC machine I used to enhance my house"
""
"ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance"
"[ Python ] Static Simple PostScript interpreter for CptS 355 (Programming Language Design)."
"[Lynda.com] Building a Website with Node.js and Express.js [2014]"
"temporary files"
"My Personal Blog for my mumbles, related to Sobialab.com"
""
"MySimpleTwiiter is a MEAN Stack app that hava some microblogs features."
"Joomla contact module for easy and fast sending mails with attachments with 5 additional custom fields at your disposal"
"ETL/ analysis app in Python/Postgres/Pentaho."
""
""
""
"Tumblr theme for making a gif catalog. "
"The repository contains independent pygame learning codes.."
"ift215-project joseph chlela"
"The curriculum, timeline, syllabus, assignments, and lesson plans"
"JavascriptEvents"
"Nodabba Source "
"upload component and business solution"
"chat window"
"Examples with Facebook React library."
"The Xp Game sources, translated in dutch"
"datashaing"
"For learning KUE"
"my first puppet test"
"Debian Wheezy script for configuration of fresh OS with essential applications as well as optional: Postgre 9.1, Webmin, docker.io, RealVNC 5.2.2, TeamViewer 10 & Tomcat 7"
"Receives Docker webhooks and forwards them to an AMQP bus"
"my first users index"
""
""
"Different bits and pieces for Scala."
""
"Intrumental Variables Estimation with Many Weak Instruments in the Presence of Many Exogenous Regressors"
"fork of http://www.policyd-weight.org "
""
"Examples for the Java Programming Basics course"
"Development bootstrap for Node.js including MongoDb - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf"
"This are just mod_perl2 Handlers for a  Static Content Farm."
""
""
"paipai super shop"
"This twig plugin for the Craft CMS brings convenient path & url manipulation functions & filters to your Twig templates."
"allofit"
"Arduino Robot Project"
""
"flask demo"
""
""
"A sample spring-boot app using using spring- mvc/social library to retrieve the favorites of a twitter handle."
"ServiceMonitor"
"A collection of ZAP scripts provided by the community - pull requests very welcome!"
"Implementation of Diana Cryptosystem in pure Bash"
""
"vagrant  docker host( ubuntu trusty 32bit)  - build libreoffice"
""
"DNA Analysis with Node.js"
""
"[experimental] Dynamic Assembler for the rust language"
"Nodejs utiliy for avoiding CallbackHell"
"F336 Investigation"
"Misc standards-related codelists"
""
"Acl package"
""
""
"Some links"
"This is a small webproject i wrote as a support tool for the cthulhu scenario 'Under high pressure'"
"FreeBSD jail management tool relying heavily on ZFS"
""
"This package allows you to upload your database daily to rackspace cloud files"
"Grab bag of Next goodies."
"html coding project"
""
"Hey my first repository! I finally understood what repository means ;P"
"Takes iCalendar/vCalendar-like data and produces an HTML report containing all events."
"noInfoPath core module"
""
"Code for the website online-adventur.es"
""
""
"My simple bash profile."
"BitTorrent related GStreamer elements"
"Drop-in replacement of GNU C library getopt"
"File watcher in Julia - can be used to auto-run unit tests etc"
"A ruby script to display the current UK Top 40 Charts and their Youtube links"
""
"Generalized Method of Moments and other moment based estimation techniques for julia"
"Twitter UserStreaming for go"
""
"Offline Poker Tournament and Cash Game Organizer"
""
""
""
"returns true if localStorage is supported _and_ persistent"
"LAH website"
"Pelican Theme Masonary Redux"
""
"Script for checking student submissions"
"A collaborative ""Italy"" mod for Democracy 3"
"a python crowed simulation based on christmas markets"
""
"Notes about learning ROS (Robot Operating System)"
""
""
""
""
""
"check how things work in github"
"LGE-D802,x Optimized Stock Kernel"
"LpiAssetLoader is a zend framework 2 module that helps manage the loading of front-end custom or bower javascript and css assets."
"dotfiles"
"Custom tableviewcell in Swift"
"This is a aliots demo"
""
""
""
"Final job of Structs of Dados II."
"Application package"
"Get market infomation from YahooFinance(japan) automatically with your favorite rating,country,days by VB.net"
"A client library providing .Net access to the EdStarCoordinator POST/JSON Elite Dangerous community web service."
""
"Simple reporting for the Errata tool"
""
"Server providing endpoints for fair-voting-profile"
""
"Personal website"
"Single-page application using AngularJS // buy and sell site"
"Intend to be privated"
""
""
"hello world"
""
"Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio"
""
"Dockerfile for ngInx"
"Resources regarding information security"
"Quilt Guild"
"Rulebook of the RoboCup@Home league"
""
"Bukkit plugin to filter commands (and sign changes)"
""
""
"Framework for testing trading strategies"
""
"Health check for shinken daemons running under supervisor"
"Share/Print/Open files with the native activity view controller in your Titanium app"
""
"Custom program in Go lang"
"Python module for turning streams into trees"
"noInfoPath data module"
"Jogabo Friend Picker screen in Swift"
". A graphing calculator that accepts a user provided function (as a String) and plots the graph of the function on a coordinate system. Has to read user input and evaluate the mathematical expression to complete the graph. Features a full graphical user i"
"noInfoPath formview module"
"This is a demo"
"Easy XPath prototyping. Mining HTML to JSON."
"noInfoPath layout module"
""
"Barebones CMS - SSO server/client integration plugin"
"noInfoPath listview module"
""
"My First game, written with Love2D"
"noInfoPath logger module"
"Libaray Managment system"
"BL-Ctrl v2.0 source in assembler"
"Yet another routing for Express"
"noInfoPath nav module"
"assets manage system"
"noInfoPath sync module"
""
"code to generate video os PCR"
"New to git hub!checking it out!"
""
""
"C++ implements for network flow algorithms "
"This is my first GIT repo as I try to get more into version control"
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains the functionality for declaring JavaScript on an MVC Razor view and having SuperScript process and relocate this "
"Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio"
"Game where you can build your ship down to small details."
"My first repository on GitHub"
"A yeoman generator for a project that compiles to a single HTML file."
""
"test code"
"testing jenkins is really working"
""
"Searching twitter for obama"
"odms manager"
"package agilp"
""
"Website for GAMENAO"
""
""
"Sympton Management Beta Version it's an Android app and a Java Spring-based service."
""
"Go Functionality Plugin"
"short for hacking"
"DC tollbox"
"Drupal module for recording and managing race results"
"Abstract WSN simulator: an optimised version of Fast "
""
"Systems Check / Week 7"
""
"This is a repo to test out project specific web pages through a git repo"
"Solutions in various languages"
""
""
"Gizmomaker.co.il"
"Conversion-script for audio-upmixing (mono,stereo to 5.1 AC3) using sox and ffmpeg."
""
"Base namespace package for test cases."
"A simple application to detect whether the user's browser is on a mobile, tablet or desktop device."
"fb hackathon vancouver"
"Sample algorithms"
"Final Systems Check"
""
"Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio"
"DTC for TWS API"
"Face Recognition"
"This is a simple node app."
""
"git hooks for intermixing SVN and git repositories. Intended for use in versioning Unity projects without storing massive amounts of binary files in git."
"An app that allows salespeople to log cars"
"A simple blog"
"Repository for links to NUS-related apps that will be useful to students of NUS."
""
"bash and python scripts"
"Java Examples"
"Scrivere file di Logs"
""
"Some research done of diffrent sorting algorithims"
""
"Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Andorid Studio"
"DB workbench manifest compatible site - using MVC5, Bootstrap, Entity framework."
"An Android Application to save information"
"Bootloader for BLCtrl20 based od AVR Butterfly"
""
""
"Ruby project generator, with different flavours, empowered by Thor"
"Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3."
""
""
""
""
""
""
"my first PHP learning APP"
"A small 10 mintue text adventure crafted in python"
"Schematic and PCB for BL-Ctrl v2.0 in Eagle"
"FerBuy - Python library"
""
""
"analyze some websites for interesting updates or news"
"Launch Academy rails challenge"
""
""
"The Learn Rails tutorial"
"Homepage"
"A Team Fortress 2 territory control map."
""
""
"A commandline client for Empyrean"
"Supervisord role for Ubuntu hosts"
"Debian packaging of python-pyroute2"
"Remove all special characters from a string."
"my bashrc that I use on my mac"
"Jana4U Blog"
""
""
"Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders"
"LIX of Danish, Swedish and Norwegian Speeches"
"Simple JAX-WS and Spring4 integration example with Maven"
"module form comp register"
"my first repository"
"This is a apple push  program."
""
"Another youtube karaoke application"
"Magento demo, using vagrant"
"Unity Build Pipeline Automation"
""
""
"Tests and stuff.."
"A Ruby To Do List"
""
"Gmod tool for meshing gears."
"Track Location"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Course work for NNIIT"
"The Game of Life is a cellular automaton devised by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970"
""
"the source of the web site"
""
"where I run my angularjs tutorials"
"LANScan Project in Bachelor's Degree"
""
"Arch centric dotfiles."
""
""
"Mapping annotated dict list into Django models"
"A game based on a popular card game, ""Bang!""."
"Realm.io Android data browser"
"It's a repository for me to understand some basic usage for some programming language"
"Educational implementation of a Generic HashTable in C++"
""
"An analysis of literacy in the state of Tamil Nadu using R"
""
""
""
""
"An open-source implementation for picking files/folders out of an online API"
"elixir library for dynamodb"
""
"A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes"
"A  GUI tool to ease annotation of sigma-factor and TF binding sites in bacterial genomes"
"Uses NSUrlProtocol and a Webview in a Xamarin.Mac app"
""
""
"aom-private"
"Java Chip8 language emulator"
"Gameswap blog"
"PINKBindView provide a simple way to use tableView and collectionView."
"My first repo"
"Registers docker containers with avahi"
""
"MySQL project from CS class"
"Ruby & JS 10-Pin Bowling Scoring App with TDD"
"pure-python neural network"
"test"
"A collection of themes for Tumblr"
"A small program for our stap project."
""
"Via a sensor,you can test how fast your heat beats,then this app can analyse if you are going to be angry.If you are,there will be a worning."
"JOS as a GUEST OS on JOS as a HOST OS using paravirtual hypervisor"
"ReactJS with Browserify"
"Collections of python scripts to bench algorithms, libraries etc..."
""
"First sass project to better utilize time"
""
"Visual Source Safe tools: Log, Annotate(Blame)"
"Introduction to development of multiplayer HTML5 games (with Socket.io)"
"An attempt to code Pokemon Firered using python and pygame"
""
"MoneyCalculator project for Softwaare engineer 2 "
""
"test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js"
""
"Generate book reference based on douban."
"AOE2HD Comprehensive Tech Tree"
"Converts one or more DNA bare sequence files (.seq) into one FASTA format file (.fas)."
"An Image Filter On iOS"
""
"Sale"
"Application for helping Linux beginners"
""
""
"C port of the Farmhash Hash64 (farmhashna) hash function"
""
"driver library for Ti CC1100 / CC1101. For Arduino and Raspberry Pi"
"My dotfiles"
"2ndJan2015"
""
""
""
""
"ReactJS with Webpack"
"public page of me"
"Spark SQL DBF Library"
""
"A project organized by August Hoaglund IV for Touhou fangame making purposes."
""
""
"JAStudy HW1"
""
"Hello Github"
""
""
"Extention on CI Upload library for handling multiple file uploading"
"Ansible role for quassel-core"
""
""
"test "
"the first github project"
""
"Assignments for Coursera's Cryptography I course by Dan Boneh"
"Two-dimensional array"
"A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields."
"The website at marcel-kapfer.de"
"O2O DIY IOS app"
""
""
"Wrapper of zookeeper's four letters command and web monitor"
"SYSTEMS CHECK #7: Rails"
"An MS Outlook add-in that routinely checks for old emails in folders and deletes them when they reach a specified age."
""
"Remaster Debian or Ubuntu based ISOs"
""
"calculator using javascript,html,css"
"GitTraining"
"practice"
"A sample project for listening to incoming call and send number to web server"
""
""
"Business Support Services"
""
""
""
""
"Yet Another Scheduling Simulator"
""
""
"Github page"
"this is the drupal 7 stack for 18f compliance in drupal"
""
""
""
""
""
"Hello World Tutorial"
""
"Parse a page of a restaurant on Tabelog into JSON string."
"Used by geocachers to calculate values for words."
"Tutorial noVNC"
"solutions to exercises from Cracking the Coding Interview, 5th ed"
"shell script to jump or exec an application under X window manager"
"project uas pbo smt 3"
"Good Gifs for Pull Requests"
""
"Morphux Package Manager"
""
"Geolocation game prototype based on google maps api"
""
"SmartResource Visual Studio Extension for faster resx handling"
"Simple delivery shop management software"
"A Puppet module for managing LibreNMS"
"Indexing to Solr"
""
""
"Lindenmayer System Viewer"
""
"photo's organizer and backup"
""
""
""
""
"A cms(for webistes) Written in Python (Bootstrap Embedded)"
"A general bag when add stuff"
"Chinese kernel monthly fetcher"
""
"Node app launcher is a node app to handle the deployment and bootstrapping of your node app."
""
"SWEotE Companion"
""
"fipsified GLFW (https://github.com/glfw/glfw)"
"sonic pi live coding music"
""
"Webhook Models For Gitlab"
"The DSP part of Kiwi"
"A rails app for searching ski resorts"
"arduino code"
""
"My C++ snippets"
"Knowledge sharing. Felix OSGi. Tutorial"
""
"A data-only container for docker-stash"
""
"First game created using Unity"
""
"Express API bootstrap with Mocha test suite - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf"
"Since moving to Europe, I get asked a lot about Canada's adoption of the metric system. Here it is. "
"Casting between c++11 tuples."
"A socket.io adapter that backlogs messages given a custom timestamp param"
""
"Send an SMS message when upmon detects a failure."
"Music Web App"
""
""
"revcollector"
"A logoff utility written in python with Kivy that prompts the user for how long they want to be logged in then logs them off after that period of time. Gives the user up to 3 time extentions"
"Save The Relationship"
"Website Repo"
""
""
"Play random games of Citadels"
"Simplistic Webcam interface for Raspberry Pi with Camera module, based on NodeJS"
""
"the unified tracker"
""
""
"An Embeddable General Purpose Macro Processor - http://xpp.symisc.net/"
"Puppet module for the OpenDaylight SDN controller."
"python test"
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. SuperScript.Container.WebForms allows developers to easily declare these assets in ASP.NET WebForms .aspx files."
"Experimenting with front end workflow. Would eventually contains original content."
"Ads Project AngularJS"
"post api mux"
"Second project in C++11"
"Description and implementation of the core Knuth-Plass line-wrapping algorithm."
"Marketing Page for Fullstack NH"
""
"A tiny program to tunnel something through SSH without any external dependencies."
"Pre-built DrawKit frameworks for CocoaPod users."
"Challenge of distributed systems"
""
"This is a demo app to play with Travis CI"
"'Pug vs. Nemo' - Ludum Dare #29"
"RevMob plugin for Cordova"
"WindowsMediaPlayer .Net"
""
"Send deployment notification to Idobata :rocket:"
"book"
""
""
"Frogger"
"Distributed Ninja"
""
"checks html or rss to see if sites are available and updated"
"2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application"
"node.js file uploader based on https://github.com/felixge/node-formidable"
"Mac OS X Dictionary.app interface for Emacs"
"D8 Repository for Field Hidden Module Port"
"Solutions of hackerrank problem"
"Nonsensical latin text transformation"
""
"Code Snippets for Guy Dwelly "
""
""
"Dcc Decoder"
"Simple console aplication in javascript to create youtube song playlist based on csv file with artist and songs"
"Configure sysclt variables"
""
"A simple goal tracker for personal goals such as numeric (weight, read book and so on), boolean made it or not and more. Written in node.js / express / twitter bootstrap / UI framwork TBD"
"Using Viewpager"
""
"Produce a stream of intersecting data of two or more delimited json streams"
"Project for Applications in Virtual Reality"
"Small private tools"
"GitHub hosted website"
"This is a demo app to play with Travis CI using ObjectiveC"
"Art site for Kristin Whitney"
"Kaspars blog"
"An example of 2D polygon based projection mapping. This is an interactive program in which the user creates a series of polygons which are then animated."
"ISO/IEC 2000 APL Required Character Set"
"Crowd Test Platform"
"A MongoDB store for Primus"
""
""
"Evenly fills folders by files"
"Ansible dev vm build for my projects"
""
"Elasticsearch plugin to list installed plugins"
"PHP and other language ready functions"
"parar probar curso"
"A dashboard of the twitter stream using om."
""
"Sample project"
"An ICS3U6 project."
"Process blog"
"Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups."
"Calculator assignment from Tealeaf"
""
""
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains the functionality for declaring JavaScript in .aspx files and having SuperScript process and relocate this script"
"library for reverse engineering ingredients' proportions in a food based on it's nutrition data"
"Android File Explorer"
"A MapReduce-powered extension to LIBSVM"
"Joomla Utilidades Idiomas, Temas"
""
"DOMElement to css path converter"
"Angular Phonecat tutorial on Rupert."
"Visual FoxPro ADO.Net Provider"
""
"csteach's github pages"
""
"PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC"
""
"Second time is a charm?"
"Visual FoxPro LINQ Provider"
"Custom Alert view for iOS apps"
""
"weekly notes for cs classes"
"another emacs.d"
""
"IQToolkit Contrib is a project for providing classes to work with the IQToolkit providers."
""
"Small hybrid app that helps you doing the famous seven minute Workout"
""
"Visual FoxPro .Net Examples"
"rest_api test"
"Gamified app for tracking your language study"
"[WIP] ORM built around the unit of work pattern and a bring-your-own-persistence philosophy."
"The Official Drinkbot Repository"
"dighteach's github pages"
"Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,"
""
"clone from oreilly jenkins book"
"mdust from DFCI Gene Indices Software Tools (not my project; original link: ftp://occams.dfci.harvard.edu/pub/bio/tgi/software/seqclean/)"
"Visual FoxPro Entity Framework Provider for EF6"
""
"my first gitfile"
"My simple BAggage LIst app's Web API"
""
"Visual Studio plugin to trim line ends on save."
"tweens a CSS transform (matrix3d)"
"Linked Edit Rules: a methodology to publish, link, combine and execute edit rules on the Web as Linked Data to verify consistency of statistical datasets."
"A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer."
"From Unity Learning Day 2014"
"test"
"Google Glass AR - GeoCaching with WikitudeSDK"
""
"Some animated demos for stats class"
""
"full mhag project both sections"
"Elixir library for invoicing and calculating VAT"
"An analysis of the files released by ProPublica for the Prescriber Data"
""
"Something Amazing Continued . . ."
"Network for portable financial-grade identity on blockchain"
"A simple catchy layout for your online resume"
"AngularJS Testing Application"
""
"Using Speech recognition to play music"
""
""
"A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue."
"Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino."
""
""
"BurJS is a small and easy to use framework for building client side applications and lets you bind all your favorite libraries together."
"Angular / Node app stub"
"a simple application which improves the process of learning e.g. words or dates by heart"
"my useful config and tools"
""
"Personal coding projects I have done."
"Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop"
""
"no Description"
"Application implementing reliable data transfer on local interface using UDP."
""
"First repository"
""
"Randomly playing around with data science tutorials"
"ASP.NET Web API  BDZ services /AppHarbor/"
""
"Height map terrain generator in C++, Qt, and OpenGL"
"Ansible module used by OSAS to enable polyinstanciated /tmp"
"CivCraft alt visualization utility"
"A list of countries, abbreviation codes and text in native language"
""
""
""
"Test for Extensions Manager"
""
"Quick class to query station details and status for the Dublin Bikes cycle scheme"
"Build of libgit2-backends for use with pygit2 (WIP)"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Example Exercise Project"
"The Community Farm organic boxes scraper"
"A simple to use progress bar in python."
""
""
"My Blog"
"Fail2ban scoreboard"
"Compare configurations between servers via CURL with JSON details"
""
""
"Anaconda recipes for computational neuroscience tools."
"This project contains some of the algorithms and protocols of the book ""Understanding Cryptography"", authors Christof Paar and Jan Pelzl. This is also a part from the course Cryptography at the Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering (FCSE) in Skopje,"
""
"A FFXIV tool which converts the secondary stats using determined stat weights to primary. "
""
"Kineticwing IDE Php Plugins"
""
"Collection of python scripts to allocate tasks and process raw results."
"Framework for building module loaders with very little effort"
"Arduino uses servo motor to point toward the direction of a sound source using phidget sound sensors."
"CSS Laboratory"
"An independent maven build for processing-2.2.1.core "
""
""
"codeigniter pagination with jquery"
"An example site using the new asp.net identity."
"Packet logger for Mabinogi"
"Playlist you Likes to share"
""
"This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. "
""
""
"Rackspace icon I hacked for some presentations"
"Car listings systems check"
"Second Assignment for OOPDS - MMU "
"Edit images and texts in Laravel Views"
"Static assets for barberboy/chat-anarchy."
""
"TM-EDITABLE is a jquery plugin, which provides In-Place edit and Delete of the html input elements with some stunning themes."
"Scripts to process NBO txt files"
"Here is my first app I'm working on "
""
"Lil' express/socketio bootsrap for quick project setup"
"this is my first repo."
"betterplace.org static pages."
"A solution that allows the usage of CRUD methods in a generic way, no need to create methods for each entity on the model to access them."
""
""
"'Pac Pixel' - LowRez Jam 2014"
"Just to see how this all works"
"Get the language of the browser"
"A site that sells really cool and useful products."
"Code for USA TODAY's Ebola Questions interactive"
"NHK Japanese lessons (video and textbook) fetcher"
"IdeaBase"
""
"iAnnotateSV is a Python library and command-line software toolkit to annotate and visualize structural variants detected from Next Generation DNA sequencing data."
""
"Offscreen rendering print using OSMesa and gl2ps"
"Joe's Window Manager xsession"
"Some fun with glib"
"classification of students"
"Just a test to be sure everything is set up and working correctly"
"Test"
"project"
"Program for playing go, written in Elm"
"A starting point for platform-less static."
"A Meteor app that prompts you to fill out a questionnaire every 30 minutes as you're working"
""
"Import / Export blocks cms magento."
""
"First Mobile Application"
""
""
"MPI, OpenMP and sequential(C++) realization Givens Rotation"
"Brain.do site backups. "
"localStorage-compatible API, but only stored in memory"
""
""
"Jazzberry, the fruity blog platform powered by Koa & ECMAScript6"
"Betakix Poll's"
""
"a very simple roll20 for DSA"
""
""
"Metrics exporter for Amazon AWS CloudWatch"
""
"A data-only container for docker-jira"
""
""
""
"Shared files for working with other Physics.SE users"
"This template will help members familiar with the environment."
""
"Maven multi-module project with a setup involving multiple AspectJ ITD aspects, each in a separate module"
"backup timeline"
"html2md"
"Website for the futureminded group company"
"A vim plugin for code annotation and code understanding using folds"
"Akka (akka.io) utils."
"Home made alarm buil with Raspberry PI"
"Adjusted members plugin"
"Still Under Construction.."
""
""
"Docker image with a build of Dropbox Pyston"
"another test"
""
"IPython notebook with numerical calculations of GHG radiative forcing and atmospheric mass"
"docker image for building dropbox's pyston "
""
""
"Belajar Flask"
"Laravel5 Skeleton App "
"This Project is python script for solaris"
""
"test"
"Web Drive for File Exchange "
"For learning github"
"various config files"
"Elasticsearch plugin to list installed plugins"
"Attraction and repulsion using Shiffman's flocking algorythm"
"docker,event,etcd,python"
"A React Mixin for the BoomQueries Library"
"package for testing package building"
"This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file."
"Sniffer that captures LLDP and CDP packets and prints them on standard output."
"Meh solution to the user_mgmt assignment"
"Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. "
""
""
""
"package for converting complex numbers to/from strings"
""
"Automatic Gain Correction relative to a reference spectra based on minimised chi sqared"
"messing with some code..."
""
"testingh"
""
"Sala de treinamento"
"Source code for my old personal portfolio website"
"A uTorrent post download script for automatic subtitles"
"(Removed) Packages the serial ""Worm"" into a PDF."
"Contains some Web IDL files of scraped specifications."
""
"Code golf solutions to CodingBat Python"
"A Docker image for Jira."
"Retrieve and display links from articles published at Drupal Planet (https://www.drupal.org/planet)"
""
"basic web theme for my profile and noBlackMagic.com"
"dummy repository"
""
"Javascript page that draws infinite, random DOM style squares."
""
"rOpenSci Weekly Emails"
""
"Cinch plugin for printing link titles"
"Simple JAX-WS and Spring4 integration example with Maven"
"streaming gif parser"
"xkcd936 style passphrase generator."
""
"Udacity"
""
""
""
"txt-ast-traverse provide traversal functions for Markdown AST."
"BlackJack game from itcareer.pl contest."
"Web Application Vulnerability Finder"
""
""
"Fork of JMDodd's Unified Comment Notifications"
"""HN lead gen tool"""
"Ansible role to install ZNC irc proxy"
""
"Counts numbers whose digits sum to 4"
"Unturned 2.2.5 modified Client"
""
"Absolute Beginner's Program"
"Experiment of automated front-end with back-end build along with TDD JS development"
"Generator for Faros"
"Following the Angular/Satellizer/Node/Mongo tutorial on hackhands: https://hackhands.com/building-instagram-clone-angularjs-satellizer-nodejs-mongodb/"
"This is the book written by Matthew Russell"
""
"opencv with python"
"experiments in home automation"
""
"Hello, World!"
"Example of round wearables clipping custom notifications"
"Contains the CoIDE project with the code and classes to get the Telemetry board working"
""
"SELinux policy for Salt Master http://www.saltstack.com/community"
""
"Color Transfer"
"rez package for natron"
""
"NIH Wayfinding Tools (Prototype)"
""
"Nothing Legit Here to See"
"FRC Team 2640 Labview Code"
"This is a repository which contain all the django examples of ninjahoahong"
"Project Euler solutions in Python"
""
"Sample app from Michael Hartl's Ruby On Rails Tutorial"
"Systems Check / Week 7"
"Windows tool to securely wipe data"
""
""
""
"Fortifi SDK"
"Custom scripts for our mediawiki instance"
"go package for converting complex numbers to/from strings"
"Chinchilla. Close Project."
"Snort rules to detect local malware, phishing, and adult content by inspecting DNS responses from OpenDNS"
"TinyXML fork"
""
""
"Whack-A-Mole: simple html/js game"
"rez package for xnview"
"Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.
Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a Blob string."
"connection mapping utility"
""
"Github tutorial"
"GitHub Pages Website!"
""
""
"A Python Cryptocoin exchangers wrapper API implementation. "
""
""
""
""
""
"find localIp and outLine Ip and Location"
"Learning PHP w/ treehouse tutorial - integrates Paypal shopping cart (CSS and images not mine)"
"AI Project"
"Send an email when upmon detects a failure."
""
"leap gestures"
""
""
"BIddo is an online car dealing website"
""
""
"A playground for exploring the Arduino Yun"
"Personal dotfiles"
"BigInts for Nim"
"A port/rewrite of the Shiny Stones mod"
""
""
"Add a wrapper to upstart command to not run disabled upstart services"
"My First Robot Control"
""
""
""
"data analysis using haskell"
"test"
""
"A bootable text based challenger version ."
"Find Friends on Facebook"
"Stand Alone Replacment Menu

An alternative for the bootstrap dropdown javascript control using knockout and jquery. Intended to be used alongside bootstrap javascript components, or at least with bootstrap css."
"QA Repository"
"just to read code easily"
""
"Simple & lightweight javascript timer"
"A simple ssh ""server"" that simply logs failed login attempts"
"A mini Data Encryption Standard system"
"sequoiadb perl driver"
"An arduino library to simply use a PID controller"
""
""
"As it says on the tin: notes on GitHub"
""
"A html parser for ComputerCraft"
"Multiple data prediction models - Along with Function Library"
"mytest"
"A boilerplate for creating games with Python and Pygame"
"Django zurb foundation base project including i18n and allauth."
"First repository i create"
"Vagrant box for Cartaro"
""
"Ejemplos Rails"
""
""
""
"The opposite of smarthosts"
""
"Visual FoxPro Entity Framework Provider for EF4 & EF5"
""
""
"CommonJS shell sort implementation using Sedgewick's gap sequence"
""
"Emacs customization I can't seem to live without."
"Vrs is a command-line game that isn't fun."
""
""
"Email plugin for Slick Framework"
"static front-end project template"
""
"Advertising Manager with NodeJS and AngularJS"
"django-foss-dashboard"
"Service Technician Support Application"
""
""
""
""
""
"Just another repository"
""
""
""
"1"
"guest for test"
"Console keyboard layout switcher for Mac OS X"
"Magic Mirror webpage for fancy bathrooms"
"task"
"A bash script to install FFMpeg, ImageMagick, Php5.5 OpenResty Nginx with SPDY, ngx_pagespeed, RTMP support and extra modules."
""
"Create simple node-webkit desktop applications without hassle. It isn't intented to replace big user interface frameworks but to make easier and quicker the creation process of small consistent cross-platform apps."
"My dotfiles"
"Google Calendar Sync for Outlook"
"Minimal X11 Window Manager 'winman' from O'Reilly Xlib programming Manual, compile on modern computer"
"a port of my coffeescript POC dofus server into a concret typescript project"
"Pelican source for blog"
""
""
"Here's a simple way to create desktop apps using node webkit"
"Demo site for ripienaar/travlrmap"
"A 2D game with Newtonian physics about farting cows."
"DeviceJS App & Class support for iotivity.org"
"resources related to MODS integration"
"TLD Parser in Go"
""
""
""
""
"Data visualization for gov.uk STATS19 accident report data on road safety"
""
""
""
""
"Module for lazy content loading"
""
""
"This is sacred secret private stuff. I would be honored if you ask first or at least notify me."
"My first attempt at a website. Starting from scratch html"
""
""
""
"Darkgrey with white responsive theme with single color for AnchorCMS."
"My ctf games"
"Ticket.com is a  web application buy which user can buy bus tickets and rent a car ."
""
""
""
""
""
"This is a sequential and parallel code in Parallel Java 2, for the Lagrange theorem that says, ""Every natural number can be represented as a sum of square of four integers "" "
"An implementation of Jingle, the XMPP p2p and multimedia protocol, built on top of WebRTC, originally hosted at https://code.google.com/p/libjingle/ and https://code.google.com/p/webrtc/. "
""
"Personal Portfolio Website"
"my vim"
"Switchable Repositories"
""
""
"myfirstrepository"
"A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component."
"pet project"
""
""
"slices up gherkin to make it more versatile"
"Dynamic Equilibrium"
"Building and using APIs"
"Latte LLVM compiler tester"
"New codebase for the SGFC file uploader."
"Settings and code realted to PARCC"
"Class for searching mimetypes and realizing operation with them"
"JSON-to-XML filter consisting of scanner, parser and generator. Requires no schema POJO describing the JSON."
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the base functionality for relocating assets to an external file while writing an appropriate reference to this fil"
"very simple MVC implementing Slim and Twig"
"Recreating the inject method"
"Gateway between KNX bus interfaces and MQTT"
"Random little snippets of code"
"First Repo"
"Common elements for CanaryMod Minecraft plug-ins."
"very fast double-ended queue"
""
"A set of python scripts to convert csv files from various financial institutions to qfx."
""
"playground for trying out stuff"
"YAWN is a PHP/JQuery based social networking app. YAWN stands for Yet Another Web Network "
"Nest Egg Communications Custom CSS"
"Blueprint for Litemedia App based of the amazing Laravel4 framework"
"Hexo Source for"
"thory practice"
""
"A sample project that shows how to integrate jenkins and selenium"
""
""
" Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site.."
"An LTI tool for embedding YouTube players into Canvas course sites"
"repository for hackerrank"
""
"Commercial Development in South Shore"
"Personal project for managing a variety of my various to do tasks in a single, local database. "
"Projects I've worked on at tilde.town"
"Create and configure BackupPC access."
"Python class to read in, store, and analyze phonon eigenvalues and eigenvectors."
"Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards"
"Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker"
"Testing of landing pages."
""
"My first repository"
"New codebase for the SGFC file uploader."
"Swing based employee information system"
"whyyyy is learning git so hard lol"
"Name Server for Patient Identification User Study"
"Symfony2 Project Manager Bundle"
"a simple extendible text-editor that is open-source under the GPL2 licence"
""
"UK accounting basics (not chart) for Tryton ERP"
""
"Package vfmt formats strings containing references to variables."
"Bounce game"
"Easy wrapper for Highstock"
""
"FenixEdu Academic Thesis Component"
""
"personal program reposit."
"A Birds Eye View of Crypto Currencies"
"portfolio website test"
""
""
"Simple blog with administration using larvel."
"JRT IMS"
"iOS Alarm Clock"
"Short Rails assignment for creating and storing information on cars in a used car dealership"
""
"Scripts to get SQL Saturday data and load into SQL instance"
"Squeezebox plugin to access the Austrian radio station OE1."
"Traffic Sign Extensions for TransAM"
""
"patient identification user study mock interface"
""
"The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"BattleShipClient voor > iOS 8"
"A python script that gets the network IP and sends it to an e-mail address. Plus, the script is added Scheduled Tasks as an Hourly Task."
""
"A shiny application for exploring the binning patterns along the length of a locus' size range"
"A collection of free 3D printable designs."
""
"Mods for SMF (simple machine forum) "
"Serialization and validation for datatypes based on JSON Schema"
""
"Displays your public GitHub project repos"
"A html parser for ComputerCraft"
"Nim module for converting CSV to JSON"
"Powershell Unit Test Harness"
"Git lernen."
"Nerd ranch tutorials  "
""
"treeview angularjs"
"Trying out webpack with Mocha tests."
"Git repository for demo"
"A daily log file containing all tasks I've worked on professionally. "
"tornado, bootstrap test"
"Angular client consuming deployed web services in the ""RestBookmarkManager"" project"
"Yahoo mail sign up"
"Update of the ADOM Guidebook to use a modern web framework"
"for faster build application"
"Some basic cryptology functions"
"A basic Grunt file which can be modified for any project"
"A Sports Complex in Southern Wisconsin"
"A small chrome extension to display and keep track of tabs count across all windows."
"A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow"
""
""
""
"Django App for a Twitter Like App"
"Utility for batch muxing to Matroska container"
""
"Scraped data tables"
""
"How to communicate with an Arduino board using a Java application."
"Query database using AJAX and JSON"
""
"java programming with version 8"
"Logic to validate the NIST Randomness Beacon"
""
"A Support-centric features overlay for the Sailthru platform"
"IG/D3"
"C++ Tutorial"
""
""
""
"Docker files for my blog on VPS"
""
""
""
""
""
"It is a android imageview which gives awesome moving animation"
"sup brother"
""
"My OSX and Ubuntu configs for vim, tmux, etc."
"Notes on things I find interesting"
"this is the first time using github"
"Tool which creates and processes files in parallel."
"Example for the meteor-highstock package"
"Nim Yahoo! Weather API wrapper"
"Don't Get Mad Bro game written on Ruby"
"Testing"
"Custom Wordpress theme development for flyrbord.com"
"Weather Forecaster is a simple weather application I am creating following the trick and tips of the Sunchine Udacity application.
Enjoy! :)"
"One Month Rails Pinteresting Tutorial Code"
"Added Project"
"Test of a static Jekyll based site"
""
""
""
""
"Radial Gravity with cocos2d-x & box2d"
"nodejs timers work-alike with setImmediate, setTimeout, etc"
"a simple KBBI.web.id crawler using squenced permutation algorithm."
""
":moneybag: A Bitcoin Webhook CLI"
"A web server implementation for Mono/.NET"
""
""
""
"pbuilder configurations"
"Code for 6xbook GAE site."
""
"NodeJS Generic Logging System"
"test commit"
""
"This app demonstrates the download of songs from a music store, to view images, save and retrieve favourites for a slide show"
""
"Wicket-Speing"
"Google chrome browser extension converting price to working hours"
""
""
"Strip unmatched fields from an object based on a schema object"
""
"A blog system"
"Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.
Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey."
""
""
"Classic Arcade Game Clone"
""
"Leaflet plugin for visualizing spatial prefix trees, quadtree and geohash"
""
""
"Service Classifre for KDD's 99 Dataset, which split both training and test datasets based on service names on new files"
"various scripts created by me"
"Script to keep git clones in sync with origin and upstream"
"Download manga scans and"
"lyrics"
"Controlling an led screen consisting of mate crates (WS2801 chipset led pixels)"
"Expanded APP"
""
""
"Extend ElasticPress's search inputs to display search suggestions"
"How to use robotiky brain"
"Auto-deployment to staging server on each PUSH"
"High level access library for the Guild Wars 2 API"
"Total Backup Script"
"xfind is a command line tool written in Go, which is like a subset of find command."
"Some computer game based projects I have made"
"WebGUI for DSVC"
"teleriktelerikteleriktelerik"
""
"meuapp"
"Very simple example to show how you could define a intercepting classloader to get notifications on what classes have been loaded."
"Jekyll blog and source for site"
"GrepBugs Plugin for Notepad++"
""
"An ArcMap addin for calculating cell size"
"Serial Port Game"
"Static content for my websites."
"My project euler solutions."
"A library for applying functions to time series data"
"Management Documents"
""
""
"Configure APT system"
"tinyxpath fork"
"Just some WebRTC tests."
""
"generate a workspace line for gobar"
"A Java application to view methods of interpolation."
"Conway's Game of Life w/ HTML, CSS, and JS"
""
"Simple PHP function which checks the price of given SMS number."
"A hangman game with statistical analysis of words depending on word length and the english alphabeth. Build in haskell. Primarily to train my Haskell skills"
"Various configurations. Some need exposure to the internet for validation"
""
"init"
""
""
"This is for testing purpose"
"CPASiFPAS"
""
"A proof of concept that browserify encapsulates jQuery object"
""
"Mockup to Website project"
""
"wraps localStorage and adds .getObject(), .setObject(), .isPersistent"
""
""
"Plug-in to allow players to fall without injury."
"control users permissions with auth laravel "
"DJ Bcoz"
"Mac OS X library for vim-xkbswitch plugin"
"for shipping with FEDEX, you can manually enter zip codes, because the returned zip codes in the TWO_DAY range are not quite true..."
""
"A project for the creation of a modules and drivers for adapting Grove modules for use with Gadgeteer."
"qt4 calender"
""
"my blog"
"Hello-world description"
"Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) Simulator."
"Resolves template urls for can.view bundled with browserify."
"Ruby on Rails Social Network App"
"Aadhar hackathon"
"PRIMO IT SOLUTIONS LIMITED"
"Simple timer appliation that lives in the tray and alerts every 6 minutes."
""
"logo"
"test"
""
"Chats is a PHP/JQuery Ajax based instant messaging system."
"An ArcMap addin for calculating cell size"
"Search text on website for bible references and create a link to verse on bible.com"
""
"1"
""
"Source code for public website of shellino vacations"
"My solutions for functional-javascript-workshop from nodeschool.io"
""
""
""
"Little repository to play with Git"
""
""
"Some calculations of the magnetic polaron energies/"
"Data Files for easy access to currently published Delta Conservation Demonstration Center project and field data for 2014 and prior."
"Source for my Blockheads Inventory Hack"
"Rest API provided to MOSH"
"Allows you to easily create your own rune builds for your monsters "
"Nim NOAA weather API wrapper"
"Motion::Duration is an immutable type that represents some amount of time with accuracy in seconds. Adapted from ruby-duration by Jose Peleteiro"
"Perceptron in Common Lisp from AI project"
"A much needed login page for Fatcow-hosted email accounts"
"A JS toolkit for making SpriteKit style games"
""
"A simple CLI for interacting with Command-C."
"TI Launchpad"
"Starter kit for CoffeeScript development"
""
"This is my first GitHub repository."
"Exercises and programs made while learning C"
"CIS-194 homework"
"A code to ArduIMU with kalman filter !"
""
""
""
""
""
"Reusable graphics for Data Science notebooks"
"Our programs for the Fellowship of the Loose Screws"
"a"
"ios tutorials"
"Taco package for Java"
"Launch colored rspec output in vim"
"This is framework for Gateway which provides access to wireless applications"
""
"Tools for administering Salesforce Alumni Database. Written in Python."
""
"Wedding app for Jacob and Katie"
"my first jenkins testlink"
"A JavaScript wrapper for the Teleduino API used to communicate with ethernet enabled Arduino boards."
""
"One-file php app for displaying screenshots."
"A Simple WebCrawler"
""
"1"
"Improving our QA process from complicated Google Spreadsheets to a simple app."
"Code and data for USA TODAY's GM recall interactive"
"My research project using dynamic oscillation model to detect overlapping community structure in complex networks."
""
""
"Bunch of ruby utility scripts"
"Emory Tibet Partnership"
"Sample popup modal"
""
"CyberPower AVR Gem"
"geo-tracker app for urban explorers"
"mruby binary manager having a affinity for mgem"
""
"sd-card library for RPi in pure Ruby"
""
"Enable blog like folder structure in static exports"
"Find the best Coding Bootcamp for you"
"The personal website of Thom Krillis a.k.a. Bobby Yankou"
"Plug-in like warp to allow players to save locations and teleport to them.  The locations, however, are private to each player."
"Project for training integration"
""
"My home page"
""
"App where a user can create, update, edit, or destroy users."
"Heap Data Structure"
"Learning JPA/REST with Spring"
""
"Assembler and R-Series Environment Simulator: a pipelined MIPS simulator"
"HTC One (E8) kernel source for building TWRP recovery with Omni 5.0 tree"
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the functionality for relocating assets to an external file while storing the contents in a MySQL database. "
"Compare your age to the ages to the average age of professional athletes and become depressed about how relatively old you are in comparison."
""
""
""
"Pair Columbus Website"
"exercise project #1 for iOS7 course"
""
"Semantic similarity between the sentences"
"learning-website"
""
"Fresh Prince Project"
""
"Testing the CodeDeploy solution on AWS"
"Randomly generates a language with grammar rules and a small dictionary of words."
"Tiny Tiny RSS plugin to display video in livejournal.com feeds."
""
"my first project on github"
"I want my tablet to do a nice auto-scroll for reading."
"KL Pole Site v1"
"Leage manager written in Java with Hibernate."
"Trying out streaming from undertow"
""
"learning meteor and getting used to Git"
""
""
"test on ubuntu"
"Primary test"
""
"""Iteadstudio"" Duel Relay & Mosfet Shield,Comes with a pretty useless library for checking each parts functionality,here is a slightly better one I wrote.(turns on and off each relay and mosfet with delays)"
"source code for https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b81phqjXzEA&feature=gp-n-y&google_comment_id=z12gff1wbs3qtlwti232zf4zwvbxsd4ls"
""
""
"One canonicalizer to rule them all"
"Communication example, 1 PI <-> 1 Arduino. Two sensors and time sync. Also .py MySQL insert example"
""
""
""
"i havent seen these movies but review them anyways"
"My Apigee 127 sample with Usergrid (mBaaS) API"
"testowo na uuntu"
"Instagram Searcher App - AngularJS"
""
"Library"
"Package from http://www.skarnet.org/software/skalibs/"
"Collection of useful classes"
"first repo"
""
"Haskell parser library for WikiCFP xml data sets"
"Docker base builds of OPAM and OCaml in various combinations"
""
""
"cold measuring qd samples"
"Polyfusion project using webcomponents"
"Inject any function to execute custom script, get/set arguments and result, cancel function execute, Inject callback function to change argument's value."
"Nim module for determining the format of a sound file"
"Just another repository"
"Calculate the length of a GeoJSON LineString or MultiLineString"
"Monopoly Project"
"Interactive ""mirror"" created in Processing."
"Avoiding writing events: experimental meteor binding markup"
"A dart transformer to generate an appcache file"
"Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
"Script to edit Star Wars with ffmpeg to make it a bit more child-friendly"
""
"Arduino Uno as digital delay generator with 4 us - 4 ms range and estimated 180 ns resolution."
"Stochastic Inventory Algorithms"
""
""
""
"Countdown. Voice Announcements. Epic runs for the train."
"A lightweight Python library that can be used to get live data from IG Markets REST and STREAM API with a LIVE or DEMO account"
"Maintains your Phproject instance"
"setting vpn and secure mail"
"ExchangeAGram awesome tuto from bitfountain.io"
""
"Vagrant box with demo code."
"Nim module for working with Firefox bookmarks"
"HelloThere"
"This is a very old project of mine that I migrate from hit.bg."
"This project is powered by the Language Technology Research Laboratory of the UCSC"
"STA313 Projects"
"It'll include test about Android development"
"My webpage"
"A Music Player Daemon web app written in node.js"
"Evolving ""circuit"" simulator.  It's more like an FPGA than a true electronic circuit"
"The ambitious Ember.js tutorial"
"An example theme to display Wundersite content"
""
""
"Survey questions for students in Software Engineering courses to help assign them to teams, by determining what skills they bring to the course."
"My public ssh keys"
"Night Clock app for Windows Phone 8"
"(Unstable) A really simple bandwidth monitor for the Wifi networks that your Mac connects to."
"Unit of measure conversion API"
"A JS plugin that animates elements into a document on browser scroll. "
"Wordpress all in one Docker container"
""
""
"Reading Shakespeare's plays isn't much fun so I'm attempting to do IRC cyberformance (or something) but with bots and Shakespeare's original play"
""
""
""
"This is my master head"
""
"udacity course HTML/CSS"
""
"One Bookmarklet to rule them all"
"Helpful things"
"WIP"
"Base php-mysql-json framework for avoiding CMS in small projects"
"A class for creating word cloud or word graph makers."
"Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's"
"Processing audio example edit"
"A Web Application build using Spring MVC and RESTful Web Services"
"A NodeJS library to get bank holidays for different countries."
"first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase"
"Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>"
"An autonomous multipurpose Quadruped robot."
""
"Suduko 4x4 generator"
"MATLAB code for analyzing charge pump performance using LTSpice transient simulation"
""
"A minimal and static blog engine written in Go."
"My github tutorial"
""
"SKU generation using base conversion"
"Allows telnet access to a CanaryMod server so that commands may be relayed remotely."
""
""
"This is Just a experimental Repository"
"Ansible extra modules - these modules do not ship with Ansible "
""
"slices up Gherkin to make it more versatile"
""
""
"Personal website for Jack Manser"
"JavaScript parser for THU's learn website"
"Scratch space of code meanders"
"My first repository on GitHub"
"My first steps in programming"
"A break from the MVC"
"plovr branch to keep plovr up to date with compiler. "
"Exercises for GoLang Book"
""
"Some sort of Python, Telnet based hacking game."
""
""
"Thiis Repository has useless codes.It's just a uni. project."
""
"puppet open >3.7"
"Nim module for parsing EPUB documents"
"my solutions (:"
"A mod made by a few of ZeekdaGeek's geeks for some misc objects that were asked for"
"Kodi plugin to automatically shout down application after a specified number of items in playback queue"
""
"Use twentyfifteen-child theme and Grunt in Wordpress"
"My own little app for accessing DC metro data"
"MyProjects"
"Install and configure NTP services"
"Test repository"
"A collection of miscellaneous AppleScripts"
""
""
""
""
"Azul.js Website"
"Testing upload functionality w/ Flask"
"The interface for employees working on a shop floor. Granting quick access change MO sequences being worked on."
""
""
"A parcel/package tracker with Trancend Wifi support"
"JSON REST middleware for Stick"
""
"Landing page for Ben Brandt's Github Profile"
"A Git Test"
""
"test"
"My Vim configuration"
""
"The voice of gittask"
"Coverage parser utility for frigg-worker"
"JSONiq & XQuery Package for Atom"
""
"Social bookmarking app"
"test repository"
""
"Learn Gregtech 5 [1..7.10]"
""
"Main website for Hybrid Pedagogy Publishing."
"Web page for STT 2810"
"test node project"
"karma clone"
"Basic API wrapper for Google Analytics."
""
""
""
"Code for computing the bipolar oscillations in core-collapse supernovae."
"My personal blog."
"my webpage"
"[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package"
""
"My personal website v3.0"
"Spoj's Solution"
""
""
""
""
""
"continuing with rails...mostly static for now"
""
"Reactive maze game"
"New one"
""
"A suite for analyzing IFU data."
"classified ads"
"projects for this class"
"A core data iOS to-do-list, task-management, itinerary app made in Xcode 6."
""
"Drupal 7 i18n custom helpers"
"This is the lobsda blog"
"A small webapp which zips and returns your multiple file."
"My personal webpage."
""
"Projects start guide for wordpress"
"1.2"
"this is my 1st"
"public passcalc download"
""
""
""
"A  simple Xamarin Forms app for calculating prime numbers and prime factors."
"git1001"
"Control Viessmann heating systems such as the Vitotronic 200 KW 2 from OpenWrt"
"Efficient implementation of many computer vision algorithms"
""
""
""
""
"prueba"
""
"Automating a sqli crawler"
"A small udacity webapp to browse download courses using udacity api."
""
"WPSeek for iOS"
"A markdown blogging platform built using Node, Express and Handlebars. "
"Personal productivity tracker"
"Software in RobotC language for 2014-15 FTC game Cascade Effect"
""
"Themes for Justwriting(https://github.com/hjue/JustWriting) blog engine"
""
""
""
""
"First Depositry"
"SQL Server Reporting Services - Transfert tools (2008, 2012, 2014)"
"New SEG  Importer"
""
"A wrapper for JDBC drivers to make developers easy to instrument applications DB code"
"T1 mapping python script"
""
"All the mini projects finished during the course ""Data Communication And Networks"" (Spring 2013)"
"Markdown4j-gwt demo"
""
""
"Team Treehouse Blog Reader in Swift - Final"
""
""
""
"Easily deploy Fugacious backed with Postgres via Docker and FIg."
""
""
"There are some code lines to program and test the sensors of the pocket nurse,"
""
""
"means to send short messages using arduino with lights"
""
"Python Port Scanner"
"picture's share in GPL"
"A remote youtube player for a Raspberry Pi"
""
""
"a light table directive built with angular"
"My first game, made with SDL2, EntityX and C++11"
""
"And this great trek begins."
"For Practice"
"This tool is developed in PHP to check and report uncommented lines of code in project."
"HackerRank Challenges in Java"
""
"With inspiration from the widely used replay analysis tool, Sc2gears comes CSGOgears for detailed CS:GO replay analysis."
"Buildcraft Pack. Snakes look like pipes. Cobra starts with a C."
""
""
"The Blood n' Bones of the Gregtech world. Experimental pack, no promises on release."
"Yeoman repo for some of my c# templates"
"Python code implementing the Miller-Rabin primality test"
"Files for reanalysis of Jackson & Kollman (2010)"
"The Website"
"Precomplied initrd.gz archive for Debian wheezy installation with local sources from CD/DVD"
""
""
""
""
"Services for the TVGuide app"
"Android ListView app example w/ section headers and random count of subitems in sections"
":soccer: visualization of my training"
""
"A library for interacting with the iKettle"
"This is the code I used to make my avatar. "
"A simple digital clock made with HTML, CSS and JS."
"i Report initial Stage."
"Machine Learning Explorations - A list of machine learning resources"
""
"A library for interpolation"
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the functionality for relocating assets to an external file while storing the contents in a SQL Server database."
""
""
""
""
"Interface to IBM 029 and 026 keypunches to allow remote punching and reading of cards"
"all CSE assignments completed"
"Authentication Plugin for Revive Adserver  with Active Directory via LDAP Library"
""
"The slots game in jQuery flavored JS!"
"Interactive Processing project that simulates an exoplanet passing its sun"
""
"Baroque plays fast and loose with the Tango standards, whilst maintaining efficiency and decorum."
"Content of adaptivewebdesign.info"
"Personal recommendations for your LJ reading list"
"just a repository"
""
"Issue tracker for mob armor mod"
"Model-Driven Networking"
"External triangulation of multiple convex shapes using centroid insertion and laplacian smoothing"
""
"intertactive fiction at web scale"
"Proof of concept for photo based P&C games (2). Escape from the hackerspace!"
"Ansible Galaxy role for importing SSL certificates into the Java keystore"
"DRY project automation for Node.js and javascript frontend projects."
""
"A simple example to extend authentication plugin Revive Adserver"
""
""
"Update an amazon route53 zone with the fetched public ip "
""
""
""
""
"Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. "
"teste com PHPUnit"
"Mule-like configuration-based framework for creating Node REST svcs."
"It's my personal portfolio site for GitHub"
""
"wiki"
"An application that sends an email when windows is on"
""
"Floppy Bird, a sound-activated clone of Flappy Bird"
"Projet Android 2014-2015"
""
""
"Source code from Tien Nguyen's tutorial."
"Embedded Systems & Vlsi"
"Useful functions for C++"
"A JS plugin that animates elements into a document on browser scroll. "
""
"Having most of my version control experience in TFS and BitBucket, this is a test project to familiarize myself with GitHub."
"Practice respository"
"laravel 4 springboard that will be used for any type of projects including complex once"
"A tool to manage docker containers. Powered by web2py."
"just playing around"
""
""
"auditing"
"Private testing repository."
""
""
"Serial plot facility for data received through (virtual) serial port"
"Project X"
"Open Source Model Railway Control system"
"Tic Tac Toe game written in Java"
"Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. "
"A Wordpress theme based on some like it neat"
"get the favourite programming language of a github user"
"OpenCV Capture Class for Logitech's C920 HD Camera"
"Docker image to run DB2 LUW"
""
"Baroque is a dark GTK3/2 theme. It's a rather steampunk affair, featuring mahogany dashboards with brass fittings tastefully set with rubies and amethysts."
"My website"
"A repo for testing multiple forks in one jenkins job"
"FRC 2015 robototes robot code."
""
"studio database"
""
""
"A seed project to get started with Famo.us and Cordova"
"Generate a single HTML page of all the php-langspec markdown files."
"PingPong game witen in C#"
"Developed N Queens solvers in Scheme. Completed in 2014."
"This is a companion tool for the Hyperfox proxy. http://live.hyperfox.org"
"things I write that I use"
""
"AngularJS Learning and Demo Apps"
""
"Learning C++ by reading books (see list in README)."
"Console game tetris written in C#"
"Just a global instance for Node.js EventEmitter"
"An open-source initiative for Entity Framework profiler"
""
"Notes on SF2: Hyper Fighting to potentially work on cps2"
"Learning"
""
"Little space shig console game written in c#"
"Project Euler Problem 32 find sum of pandigital products containing 1-9"
"Demos"
""
""
"Heroku buildpack to install phantomjs"
"Documentos"
""
"This is Platfairs scipher written in c plus plus"
""
"A webjar for jquery-payment (https://github.com/stripe/jquery.payment)"
""
""
"Check whether all the OpenBSD mirrors are reporting the same sha256 for install56.iso"
"Made for working on the Myo Ableton application"
""
"coding dojo project 1"
"A data bender based on the melted bird paintings of Maurizio Bongiovanni"
""
"first ruby app"
""
"A library extending Xojo's iOS feature by adding extension modules and classes."
"testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world"
""
"Test project as an introduction to C++ STL"
"Money > Pussy > Weed"
""
""
"Simple purple website"
"Ex Ante Lobbying section for Endogenous Politics Paper"
""
"A test for the elite EDDN datastream"
"exercism exercise "
"Created Headspring Rolodex Project"
"Initial BlueUI placeholder"
"Android app to sync between PC and android in the same LAN network"
"training"
"A console based program that serves as a private journal."
"Web Gallery written only with css"
"A generator for making Drupal Field and Views Formatters out of a jQuery Plugin (based on owlcarousel Module)"
"SASS Framework from tutsplus course"
""
""
"1st respirotary"
"SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making HTML template-specific declarations."
"Win7 calculator design written in css and html"
"Sample R package"
""
"Hotel reservation system by jango"
"All pigs need a home..."
"dotfiles"
"This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer"
"just playing"
"The website for the Style & Class event series."
""
""
"DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide."
"tortoise_demo"
"Diagnostic analyzer and code fix to find ""if"" statements without braces"
""
"try"
""
""
""
""
"Project Code - P1-AP1-PG1"
"Code for the current 2015 Team 2836 Robot"
"An RFID door latch written in Energia for the SPSU aerial robotics team. Reads standard MIFARE tags with 4-byte UIDs."
""
""
"Mince broccoli with sprockets"
"photo"
""
"Tutorial for a secured service with apigee, snapci, and heroku."
"HackerRank Challenges in Java"
"We will use the issue tracker of this repository to serve as the mailing list"
"uniCenta oPos repository"
""
""
"More or less an example module of common tasks for Drupal 8"
"Sample iOS app"
"Testing with My First Repo"
""
""
"Bootloader for AVR Microcontrollers & RFM12 / RF12 transceivers"
"Text Accounting is a command line + plain text accounting system"
"Multi-Media-Multiplexing Library"
"A mod creation tool for Starbound written with C#."
"Skeleton UI components for use with RequireJS"
"Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration"
"Calculate aspect ratio online for images, display screens, montors and mobile easily."
"SoftUni SPA with AngularJS Course Project"
"Examples of Windows Communication Foundation implementation"
""
"An implementation of function invocation using variadic templates.  Uses a recursive binding algorithm to turn a set of strings into a function call."
""
"Tracks which buckets investments should go into"
""
"Aula 1 Android"
"Manage personal projects and breathe life into them by dedicating your time."
""
"Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2"
""
""
"Interactive project made with Three.js that uses headtracking to create a 3D display."
"Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs"
"Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington"
""
""
"A history of team iteration health"
"Colorscheme for vim"
""
"Online trainer for the Set card game"
""
"This simple JS Module previews the uploaded images, before the actual upload of files"
""
"for my own good"
"cute, adorable, spinning puppy who doesn't even puke!"
"xvfb in docker"
"A simple nametag hack for arguino/groove serial lcd"
"AutoRestarter from DockerHub"
"Generate great looking letters from markdown using Pandoc"
"Just A Markdown Flavor"
"A utility tool for pushing notifications from the parse backend. Supported push devices include android, iOS and windows phone"
"ZingChart is a powerful library that provides users with the ability to quickly create beautiful charts, dashboards, and infographics. Choose from hundreds of chart types with nearly limitless chart design and customization options. Connect your data and "
""
"Brent Yorgey's CIS 194(Spring 2013): Introduction to Haskell "
"Dot files!"
"R actuarial workshops - Instruction materials, data and source code for R workshops for actuaries"
"OpenEddi is a data collection software package"
"Repository for my personal docker containers."
"Visual to Midi Synth"
""
"Creepium"
"Suleyman Demirel University console application"
"An R package to extend the functionality of data.frame and data.frame-like objects with metadata and codebook annotations."
""
""
"Ruby on Rails project website "
"AutoIt Scripts"
"A web proxy script written in PHP and built as an alternative to Glype. "
"""fake"" spinning wheel with jquery and javascript"
"Script to scrap user comments from Reddit html files."
"command line tool to validate project materials"
"backtesting tool written on Django"
"My HomePage"
"manual ext4 journal examining and data block extraction"
""
""
""
"Bootleg search function for bigboringsystem.com"
"Webdata"
""
""
"fargo"
""
""
"Website for the course"
"Java External Sort"
""
"EPG downloader"
"An example in Scala of reading data saved in hbase by Spark and an example of converter for python"
"Mining Categorical Data"
"Training"
""
"Apply a discount to a single product in spree 2.4.0"
"Computability, Complexity, and Algorithms"
"Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard"
"A SOAP client for Craft CMS"
""
"1st Semester complexity project"
"Computer Networks"
"This applications was written in order to experiment with the ways a JEE web application must be configured to successfully deploy it to various (free) cloud providers like Heroku or OpenShift."
""
"Card Gateway"
"Prototype of an apache module that executes files as queries and returns the result as JSON"
"Issues as the course mailing list for announcements"
""
""
"A curated list of awesome Deep Learning projects tutorials and communities."
"Let's hit it off..! :)"
"Blog"
"Learning the basics of C"
""
"this package contains the coding style files."
""
"A dumping place for various fonts I decide to tinker with."
"this script may be used for check usename avilability when making a register form.."
"Dashboard for small private servers"
"test repository"
"RPICMS SHare Buttons"
"VGD"
""
"yrfgsgfd"
"Clojure solutions to Project Euler problems."
"github page"
""
""
"Simple jruby rack model"
""
""
"Create and send a simple text message"
""
""
""
""
""
"iii custom addons for Odoo"
"Html5 experiments"
""
"SHP file of parcels with situs address attached provided via public records request by local government in Lassen County California"
""
""
"App designed in order to count points at the Coinche"
"Supporting files for testing index sizes post-ingest"
"A bot to bump Tri-Phi on http://trixinortriphi.com/"
"Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration"
"Angular floating labels forms"
"Supybot Plugins for OTP22 (old bot functionality ported from AutoIt to python)"
"AfterHouseProgramming.com PythonClass"
"All of my dotfiles"
""
""
""
"Bro for Pebble."
"Sample node app runing inside a Docker Container"
"SmartHome Control with pilight 433MHz Receiver / Transmitter, FHEM, Philips Hue, 866MHz Stick and Raspberry Pi"
""
""
"Provide a per-request `this` object for express router handlers."
""
"Web interface for the sponos-server repo"
""
""
"new project"
"Source code for html"
"Simple forest ecosystem simulation"
""
"stock management app for miniature model paints"
""
"Chef recipe to install/configure monit"
""
"Cross-platform Python-based audio splitter for WAV files"
"Market your textbooks at Penn State"
""
"A sample Laravel 5 app."
""
"Command Line Minesweeper"
"A programming language intended to be fast, productive, and pleasant. Compiles using LLVM."
""
"My solutions to DS and Algorithms in C++"
"main launch page for STEM-Dev"
"A Github 404 page, modification but still kind of the same"
""
""
"Foobarmentals of Foobar: Team the-flaming-foobars (f_student1 l_student1, f_student2 l_student2)"
"Foobarmentals of Foobar: Team the-magnificent-mallocs (f_student3 l_student3, f_student4 l_student4)"
"the homeland directory"
""
"starting over and making tiny commits, what a concept"
"Project 3 for Udacity Nanodegree program."
"Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)"
"design files added"
"Notes and testing from Udacity's How to Use Git and GitHub class"
"Raspberry Pi robot. That's all, and libraries."
"My own website"
""
"My personal website "
""
"Music Web App"
"Work with spark using cassandra"
"CS 4649 Robot Intelligence Planning. "
"Tutorial from - https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-scheduling-app-using-angularjs-and-firebase"
"Jackrabbit 2.9 with PostgreSQL example project"
"A skeleton application for building custom reports with the GitHub API."
"This is an open source lighting board OS build to work on any x86 capable device."
"horsejs"
""
""
"Toolbox for automated Arch/Debian installation and configuration"
"Github IO Pages Blog for Web Development"
"Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation."
""
"Database refactoring using Liquibase"
"emacs 23 config"
"Clone"
""
"The Odin Project: Javascript/JQuery"
""
"A simple extension to display status of document"
""
"a gradle plugin to execute jython scripts"
""
"Generic rivets adapter for backbone collections, models and javascript objects. Supports nested models, collections and objects. "
""
"Deferred compilation of Angular.js templates for applications that render HTML from asynchronous processes."
"The tools that helps do tedious tasks a lot easier inside our company."
""
"A Auth-Server run on Heroku"
"http://simply.name"
"Map server"
"Coconut APRS tracker software"
"Communication with Vitodens 300 (B3HA) via Optolink"
""
""
"Functionally decorate your objects to have custom events"
""
"Microchip MCP2200 configuration utility for Linux"
"Firmware of display v1"
"C basic helpers"
""
""
"It's okay to be lost in the universe."
""
"A configurable OpenID Provider based on Pylons"
""
"Just a rep-rap-fap test"
"OAuth to SmartThings, hit an ""API Access App"", get JSON of all things."
"This java program uses the data structures of a linked list, a hash table, and a binary search tree to create a dictionary program that can take multiple data types.  Iterators and wrappers are used to help navigate the data structures."
""
""
"practice stuff"
"Lightweight responsive free Wordpress starter theme with YAML CSS framework and Sass"
""
""
"A micro PHP router, ready to REST"
""
""
"desafiosSelenium"
"Simple Laravel E-Commerce Manager"
"Arduino code for a password protected sketchbook."
"test repository"
"Projet Web"
"CentOS with PHP5.3 Vagrant environment"
"Django users RESTful API using Tastypie"
""
"Swype / Google Keyboard attempt for the web"
"designer777"
"TextEdit history from 10.6 thru 10.9"
""
""
""
"Swing Application to manage books which is dedicated to my father."
""
"Linux interface to the Citizen Balance CX Series"
"An arduino library for the Silicon Labs Si4455 chip"
"Zelda-like games for the shell"
"Application schedules employees to be on call when not working in rotation"
""
"Vagrant file and chef recipe for local development."
"Old version of Narzew's Timetable, written in Python + Kivy"
"Simple ruby script to query OMDB and add years to movie filenames."
""
""
"Nucleus plugin. Provides a sitemap for your website."
"All kind of test stuff"
""
"Basic project template for GAE webapp2 projects"
"A Team Fortress 2 territory control map."
"Parses excel database with particular format into json"
"Converts a JSON value to a clojure representation."
"Keep track of your multiple bank accounts with MoneyTrzz"
"DOMElement to css path converter"
"General pipeline for ATACseq data"
"You can report people for any reason you desire!"
""
"Tools for creating tasks that run in various environments"
""
""
"Class projects for NLP."
""
""
"The result of Club Mate and some spare time for the Elm language."
""
"Oratory Prep Omega Application"
"Gpskoveto app"
"OWSEML"
"Raspbian with Arduino support ( connects via /dev/... ) "
""
""
""
"serhan"
"Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project"
"A scientific calculator coded in Java. This calculator includes all the basic functions and many other useful operations such as slope, line length, midpoint, median, mode, mean, cubic root, vector, range calculations as well as binary to decimal conversi"
"Node.JS app that generates newsletter from JSON data file"
"My first game"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"SomaFM plugin for Jamcast"
"ClojureScript + Figwheel + atom-shell = ??? (failure so far)"
"cd repository test 01"
"Node.js serialport <-> MQTT gateway"
"Simple PHP class for fetching Twitter feeds."
""
""
"Pebble.js Version of WunderPebble Pebble Watchapp"
""
""
""
"Guess what's in here? "
"WordPress plugin that adds an XML-RPC method to check for updates (core, plugins, themes)."
""
"Wedding Site for best friend"
"filedistribution module as part of publishing-refactoring-phase1"
"Sointukone"
""
"Small convenience wrapper around Angular's $rootScope event bus functionality."
"i'm not a robot but i have a mechanical hand (duh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh)"
""
""
""
""
"A node.js passport provider for Microsoft Azure Active Directory"
""
""
"Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some..."
""
"PubNub go-client wrapper"
"Tutorial Ruby on Rails"
""
"Rebuild php5-mysql deb package from sources."
"jQuery plugin to achieve a smooth pull-down."
"Vaporwave theme made for Tumblr blogs"
"Utility to find the years for your movie files and rename them accordingly"
"minimal unit test framework"
"past experiments and exercises for myself"
"The HTTPS-Only Standard for federal domains (M-15-13), and helpful implementation guidance."
""
"A basic repository for playing with git"
""
"different programs/modules for COMP 3500 Bioinformatics "
"Tracks UI navigation state for both button- and pointer-based devices."
"A web-app for monitoring the performance of your stocks and shares portfolio."
"An hacker's swiss knife in the form factor of the best phone ever"
"OpenGL"
"Code Samples from Select Courses"
""
""
"Custom layout for WASD V2 105-Key ISO Mechanical Keyboard"
"Database System Projects for Spring 2013 at University at Buffalo"
"OpenUI5 App to control my home automation system"
""
"Coding blog of CjS77"
"personal web site"
"Carmarthen Coder Dojo UniCorn Hat Projects"
"A dark Sublime Text theme with highlight-color-variations (compatible with Monokai - color scheme)"
"Just another repository"
""
""
""
"Front end of Uniti App"
"Start of toast agent"
""
"Where am I App- HTML5 Mobile"
"Projekt UI Patterns: Password Strength Meter med Dennit i TDDD13"
"George Mason Speaker's Page"
"companion repos for my lyndia.com course"
"JSON Player"
"Caffeine"
"Send an email with a text file attachment"
"Printable part upgrades or extensions for the Prusa i3"
"Fuzzy Intrusion Detection Engine written in Python. For a Masters assignment; ingests datasets similar to NSL-KDD dataset."
"An opinionated blank starting set of HTML and CSS for students"
"Story writer with google search"
"backend api for segue"
"let's learn ruby!!!"
"Add to cart Fix "
"ads Angular"
""
"Azure Active Directory Registration Demo"
"Feedly API written in the D programming language"
""
"The app version of miniMoires - in development."
""
"lego nxt usb control library"
""
"A JavaScript utility belt for the post-ES5 era."
"Standard english NLP pipeline"
"A checkers game on a 4 x 4 board. The game has 3 modes which are player vs player, player vs easy AI and player vs hard AI. The reference board is for players to correctly select a piece."
"Sample Project - Trying to figure out the UIStepper control"
"Police your URLs!"
"REST client implementation in QT 5.4.0 and C++11"
""
""
""
"modular keyboard"
"Exercise files repo for the JavaScript from Scratch course on PluralSight "
"JavaScript Table Sorter using Quick Sort"
""
"A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. "
"Tidy datasets created from the Government of Canada's Open Data portal."
"Generates custom payloads that execute shellcode in memory via PowerShell/.NET"
"Restarting the cryptix project with some random code :)"
""
""
"Just a website showcasing my work and examples"
"AddToCartFix"
"An immutable container library for python"
"water meter data reporting over wireless link with nRF24L01 modules"
"data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015."
"simple event-based irc client library for node"
""
"Scans socrata data catalogs"
"Embedded R within Julia"
"Text transformations"
"My dotfiles"
"PyQT5 Graphical Frontend to theHarvester"
""
"My Fun Time Theo Manager with PHILIP!"
""
"A flexible content management system written in and for node.js"
"This is my forge-eclipse dev env"
"XML module for Skulpt"
"My first repository"
"A python controller for batch processing setup."
"Source files used for data normalization and processing. "
"Docker base builds of Jane Street Core using the OCaml/OPAM images"
"Generates Spotify Playlists from Fragradio.com's Top 40 Requested Tracks"
"Experiments for a SimpleLink Wi-Fi CC3100 BoosterPack"
"card game"
"This is where Micah and pals learn how to program in java in eclipse"
""
"goalietracker site"
"No-Frills From-Scratch Software Building for people who just want to make software with what they have available."
"A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators "
"Bug Magnet Chrome Extension"
"stats & charts and maybe predictions, just for fun"
""
""
"hello world repository"
"test your uploads"
"Guess what's in here? "
"Javascript cat clicker"
""
""
"My personal feedreader for sites that don't provide feeds - V2 for Android 5.0"
"A minimal POSIX shell compliment bookmarking system"
""
""
"Quality and Process Control System for Manufacturing Facility"
"Sample DebugDiag analysis rules - C# and Xaml"
""
""
"Android International phone number dialer"
"Paranoid soft deleting for Rails 4.2"
"My Octopress blog"
"Sample Design Implementation"
""
"simple multicore raytracer demo based from raytracing code from scratchpixel"
"Code and docs for copula topic model"
"Blackjack game coded in Java. The game has many unique features as it allows players to bet and it also calculates the probability of winning, losing and getting a card higher than 5 for the player. However, in this game, all the face cards have a value o"
"https://github.com/samratashok/nishang"
"This is a repository which holds the tex-file of Diplomarbeit."
"Colored Colorvalues"
"send and receive infrared-commands via ATmega32"
"perfect solution to 2014 feb 25 junior canadian computing competition"
""
"This demonstrates how you can use the Adapter pattern to have 2 or more different interfaces communicate with each other."
"Your flickr pics from 1 year ago"
"Ads Project for Softuni"
"animations/fragments"
"Benchmark test runner for gulp with full control on input and output"
""
"A node.js passport provider for Microsoft Azure Active Directory"
"This is an 2-axis gimbal code."
"Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition"
""
"Mastermind game for Microduino Joypad"
"Responsive Margin & Padding Shortcuts for Twitter Bootstrap 3.0"
"for The Odin Project"
""
"Nothing much to see here... Experimenting with Atom, node.js "
"Provides a JSON API for staged GTFS feeds, along with neat visualization with Mapbox"
""
""
""
""
""
"Take an array of GLSL tokens and determine which tokens are either assignments or variable definitions."
""
""
""
"A hubot script for interacting with Cachet"
"Tutorial on custom segues in Swift"
"for The Odin Project"
""
""
"The source code for jordykirkman.com"
""
"Sweet app for finding the midpoint between people"
"Angular directive that allows to navigate between views without adding js code. It just injects a dynamic route to the $routeProvider ng-route module."
"Online Musical Instrument Shopping Website: 2nd Year DBMS Project"
"a simple drop down container"
"Art Website Osiris"
""
"Personal Website"
"Programmer? People bother you? Send them this to explain why they shouldn't"
"iOS app to improve fluid intelligence"
"Just learning for a personal project"
"hello world repo"
""
""
"USB DataLogger with the ATmega32"
"An Attiny167 implemenation of a 40 LED ring"
""
"Simple todo app made with angular on local storage."
"exrabbit usage example"
"Documentation for ICT TAO-A"
"The on-call bot that resolves PagerDuty incidents."
"Minidlna image for docker"
"Decimal to binary and binary to decimal conversions"
"Podcasting CMS."
"an audio filter system with a touchscreen interface. Processor designed and built in Verilog. VHDL modules to control the audio input (microphone) and output (i2s protocol to an audio jack) as well as the touchscreen (the touchscreen interface was modifie"
"Application from itcareer.pl contest"
"A node module for making bots that use the slack rtm api."
"Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration."
"Watch Face for SmartQ Z Smartwatch with a retro mini CRT screen look"
"Website for http://abrams.ventures"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Dope Fits"
"A very small and quick jQuery Demo for learning purposes. "
"Boilerplate for spinning up new koa services"
"Chef cookbooks for M_r"
"WebScrapping"
""
"A powerful media player with additional tools and functions combined with a good-looking modern design."
"Antivirus Program"
"Geography 515"
""
"PHP class to locate, play sounds, and lock iOS devices"
""
"Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps."
"A website for the Taylorview Stake Trek 2015"
""
"The AI That Learns From You. (Early Development)"
"This repository contains a script to run the spatial Boyce Continuous Index using the idrpy (idrtools) framework.  "
""
"A tool for defining cross-platform/cross-language SDK/API structures"
"AngularJS SPA MVC5"
"A Python library for the Munsell colour system"
"A ShareActionProvider that allows the personalization of the intent depending on the app choosen by the user"
"Project work for the Udacity Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree"
""
"Performant WebRTC signalling server (written in Elixir)"
"A realtime single and multiplayer game build with node.js, pixi.js in HTML5"
"Software design"
"Pi-Powered VPN Client Gateway: installation documentation and related files."
"Saving the raw files of my podcast to the web"
"A color picker for Flex mobile applications using only Spark components."
"web app build with gradle"
"Dev version of access to LinkedIn API via R"
"Pebble watchface. 24 hr clock with words."
""
"Main Repository for Coding Ground"
"Inject build information (like package version, SHA) into your Ember app."
"LiteElite - My pseudo programming language from 2013 (Not supported)"
"Learning Twitter's bootstrap"
"Rational number arithmetic for Nim."
"Marketing website for http://worship.consulting"
""
"This is go4maxsat, a MAX-SAT library for Go under MIT license."
"Personal blog."
""
"RGB-LED Cube and RGB-LED Star"
""
"An LTI tool for embedding Vimeo players in Canvas"
""
""
""
"exercise from http://codingbat.com/prob/p148972"
""
""
""
"Shelves Daemon"
"3rd Person Camera in Unity"
"project tasks boards"
""
"containing kaldi scripts and files used in statical pattern recognition"
"Christmas card created for my wife for Christmas of 2014.  It contains a little game when you click on the panda button at the end of the card."
""
"Convenient way to store all your files(read configs) and folders(containing alot of configs) in one folder for version controll."
""
""
"CSS overide for IGN.com"
"Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course ""Learning from Data"""
"Presentation code and slides about debugging node"
"Random Rust Programs"
"Create playlist from text file"
""
"dNotez chrome extension"
"Ruby wrapper for the Gorilla.io API"
"crufter.com source code"
"shh, go away"
"Hello, world!"
""
"[ALPHA] test repository"
""
"Service for Norwegian railway stations info"
"blog"
""
""
"swig loader module for webpack"
"Note Target - addon for Cartographer in World of Warcraft"
"This is the coding challenge for the python Dev Accelerator at Code Fellows"
"Practice code in java and javascript"
""
"Code for Loop Unrolling"
"CREDIT CARD leak ONLINE NOW "
"An Ecommerce app prototype written in Swift following Object Calisthenics rules."
"Useful utility and design template classes for Java 8"
""
""
""
""
"30 days of Sass tutorials"
"A simple rabbit-mq library for doing request/response interaction"
"The DOE project of Wikkit Labs"
"A little C++ 'bank app' that takes input from the console and saves data to a txt file"
"Unit 2.2.2 on Thinkful"
"Utility for adopt non-linguist Qt program on national languages to Qt Linguist requirements."
""
"dNotez frontend"
"burakhan.com"
"Oregon Scientific V1/V2 Gnuradio Decoder"
"Blog"
"3.7. Exercises"
"this one melts my heart"
""
"Traders-Marketplace-VZ"
"Send email with images attached"
"The most popular and friendly mocking library for .NET and Xamarin"
"Project Files for CS_325 Fall 2014 OSU"
"Project Files "
"My Project Euler solutions."
"Simulation tool for linear scout races modelled as directed graphs with node capacity. Based on simpy, with matplotlib for plotting"
"JasmineSugar example project."
"Simple Input database"
"This is a test repository"
""
"Mondrian + Kandinsky = Mondrinsky !"
"React Components and Mixins for Boomstrap"
"An IE 8-11 modes (Standard/Compatibility) detection script."
""
"A login service for Clef."
"This project simply holds the library files needed during the semester."
""
""
"A simple twitter app which inculdes the feature of following/follow, tweets "
"Custom player list with disabled servers"
"A Sublime Text plugin for Fieldmanager"
"My get helped repo :)"
"LearnEd"
""
"Sound Board App"
"UiCollectionView controller with UISearchBar and UIRefreshController"
""
"Docs and code examples for Raspberry Pi backpack for the MIP Robot"
"Upgrade Google Chrome's poor image display."
"crush card game"
"android app for the Google Student Club"
"A small project in PHP development."
"dNotez backend"
"Heroku buildpack for https://bitbucket.org/liamstask/goose"
""
"Common classes for Croquette project."
""
""
"Test repository"
"StarNub a Starbound server management tool"
"overtime system for employees"
"Extras plugin for the OpenMediaVault VDR plugin."
"<<scr<s>sc<h>ript>alert('a');< / script > "
"the eldarion.com blog app intended to be suitable for site-level company and project blogs"
""
""
"Just another repository"
"Arduino with Ethernet Shield sends data to remote server."
"JSCS Website"
"A simple checkers webapp for learning git and how to make a python webapp"
""
"OWS API (WMS/WFS) benchmark and stress test"
""
"A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started."
"Clone of the C++ bank app in C#"
"Spark.io core control of my furnace, dehumidifier, and electronic air filter"
"A simple chat room in Material Design build with Polymer (Polymer 0.5)"
"Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University"
"Just one small thing that I want to save from hit.bg. "
"An app for creating folder icons for media based on the show/movie/album it holds."
""
""
"Code samples taken from PRO ASP.NET MVC 5 Platform book by Apress"
"Shrink images in a folder to given size on node base"
"A C# forms app that stores info in an xml file with XPath querying"
""
"Tool that supports libraries e.g. managing books etc."
""
"A Go package to interact with the Gazelle API / What.CD"
"GitHub Pages"
"CS 261 Assignment files Fall 2013 OSU"
"primo repository"
""
"A flash-based multimedia presentation following visual design elements and principles about a card game called Tabiah"
"Karma plugin for inline sourcemap support"
"PHS Programming Language"
"site"
"Snippets of SDR-related code"
"CSc460 project"
"dojo"
"An experimental fully persistent Map that reifies time in collection access in Scala"
""
"Just a beautiful, minimal photoblog solution in PHP."
"progetti vs2013"
"Trinket Pro based portable function generator"
""
"Small Program that prints out all currently existing Com Ports with details"
"Kitchen Kraut"
"popup"
""
""
"Sample Project - Trying to figure out the how to send an email"
"Simple file hash digests and file integrity checks"
"This is a test repository."
""
""
""
"ultra-simple script to update Hombrew(apt-get for OS X)"
"Dan Rasmussen's Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning"
"A layout library written in Ruby."
""
"Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)"
"node.js version honux homepage"
"this is a test repo"
"Homework files CS 311 Spring 2014 OSU"
"helpers for working with python source files"
"numerical methods for PDEs final project, Columbia University, fall 2014"
"WinRM File Manager"
"Sample demonstrating how to expose and simple consumption of events on a C# interface."
"Some UCI scripts for OpenWRT"
""
"Source code for Satelinx's Android App"
"This karma-plugin shall give you the posibility to parse urls out of files in the karma scope and download those to be used in testing."
"Basic system for managing student records"
"collecting game art for projects"
"Getting to know polymer"
"ONE Signatures"
"My personal boilerplate for FrontEnd Development"
""
""
""
""
"Operating Systems Projects "
""
""
"Create with Yeoman"
""
"A distribution of Lua customized to my liking."
"A HCI assignment"
"Off-season testing was done on one of our spare drivetrains from the 2014 season. New classes to generate polynomials and bezier curves for the robot to follow were created. Testing of the Command Based Template worked out well. We will switch to that for"
"An emissions modeling tool to assist in estimating carbon emissions from structural fires"
"Build Express-based REST APIs"
"collab_test"
""
""
"oz unity project"
"A simple, extensible Markov chain generator."
"Added infinite scrolling to wordpress plugin official-wordpress-events"
"Sign up here and learn more about our group."
""
"A simple shell script for managing your forgettinGTD structure. For details see https://github.com/forget-it/forgettinGTD-cli/wiki"
""
"Back at it "
"CS 271 Program files Fall 2013 OSU"
"My frist app"
"Quick dice roller for the Dark Souls Prepare to Dice challenge"
"A parser and DSL for JSGF files"
"Provides A Simple CloudFlare Module For Laravel 5"
"A Contact Form Backend For Laravel 5"
"Toy ray tracer in Haskell"
"A wrapper for Spotify Web API that use Volley as backend."
"Provides A LogViewer Admin Module For Laravel 5"
""
"Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API"
"A series of LaTeX templates I use."
"Version Control"
""
"Practise Test"
""
""
"just messing around for learning purposes"
"An open source tortoise robot."
""
"Leiningen plugin for static sites compiling"
"A review of Implementing Reproducible Research appearing in The American Statistician"
"A small example of getting erlport to connect Python and Elixir"
"This holds the content for github pages"
""
"A mod that adds pet snails to the game! (Gary?)"
"A simple visualization of the Mandelbrot set"
""
"Stack and Queue implementation using linked list in Java"
""
""
""
"Redis Docker container"
"solr decompound anaysis"
""
"my first reporitory"
"This project help's you decide what underlying big data technology to use based on your data and what you want to do with that data."
"Sample Code "
"A (very) small erlang module for interacting with couchdbs rest api."
"deploying sufia 6.0.0.beta1 on fedora 4 "
"Membuat program data buku dengan menggunakan teknik minimum sorting"
""
"A JSONWP test automation client for C++"
""
"[ C# / Winforms ] Spreadsheet program for CptS 322 (Software Engineering I)."
"Publishing repo."
" Media Butler Framework"
"A Gulp/LESS toolchain for Skeleton: A Dead Simple, Responsive Boilerplate for Mobile-Friendly Development"
"a static blog generator"
"Unwrapping the labels on bottles."
"This is an API for Arduino which support I2C communication. Using this library can scan to get the I2C messages get send a message to another device"
""
""
""
"Yet another very old project that I want to save from hit.bg "
"N2O application skeleton based on http://blog.crashdump.io/hello-n2o.html"
"this library is used to handle view rendering via templates without the complications of dealing with an entire framework. It's lightweight, and it's easy to use. "
""
""
"For Hannah's NCSSM report"
"A repository which hosts the great contents of opensecuritytraining.info - for people who for some reason can not download the content from the original website, and for distribution's sake."
"Android app to route vocal orders to a server"
"my 3d project"
"Conversion app by tutorial from Derek Banas"
"Balogh Home Automation"
"A classic demo to test your installation of JOGL"
""
"Bot scripts for RagesossBot, a Wikipedia bot that uses the pywikibot framework"
""
"HTML Class and ID completion for emacs by using ac-html.el and csswatcher projects"
""
"Links for presenting an introduction to Javascript"
"ECHOcommunity AWS Opsworks Cookbook"
"croptastic jQuery, Canvas, and Raphael-based picture cropping widget."
"Doctrine Event Subscriber for automatic GUID/UUID generation"
""
""
""
"A POM with some common settings for Basis Technology open source components"
"Audio player jQuery Plugin"
"Quickly activate/deactivate special prices on a grid of category products."
"Vim settings"
""
"A small, simple and fast log shipper."
"Rate limiting"
"Generate fake random data for fantasy-climate projects. Currently supports only Polish language."
"A simple and lightweight in-process fire and forget, request/response message queue"
""
""
"Labs from CS 161 Spring 2013 OSU"
"A .net MVC homework diary app that reads and writes to a db and consits of a teacher and pupil"
"Static homepage for mrjon.es"
"Unreal Tournament startup script"
""
""
"ROS package for obstacle avoidance "
"Odoo8 Source"
"converts an array of GLSL tokens to a plain GLSL source string"
"My first test repository"
"Docker image based on baseimage-docker configuring syslog-ng to send log messages to Logentries.com."
"Velux skylight controller repair/upgrade Arduino project"
""
"AutoHotkey libraries for my projects"
"Ansible roles used for SDN Development Environments"
""
"A simple utility for managing a pool of resources (e.g. servers) polling against a service and conserving work"
""
""
""
"Our entry into the Kaggle Competition for Avazu CTR"
"Fizz Buzz App"
""
"Manage an OpenWorld in 2d with SFML"
"Roger Neuhaus CV"
"A C# console app modelling a library with a db. Uses the Entity framewoek and LINQ."
""
"Bubble Sort"
"Python Library for Imperial College LDAP"
"VistACan utilities and tools"
""
""
""
"Website for jodastephen"
"Script interpreter to small ETL tasks"
"Fork of JMDodd's Mark My Favorites for Buddypress"
"For GitHub Pages"
"NodeBots on the BeagleBone Black"
"my personal website"
"Folder Monitor is an open source java application that monitors a folder for a specified file type and runs a command on that file."
"Community ReSharper External Annotations"
"da bes"
"Simple nosql scripts and syntax to Complex aggregate pipeline scripts"
"Rust tutorial guessing game."
""
"stores all contact information including social network accounts"
"Simple bitcoin wallet using bitcore, and blockchain.info API's"
"Examples for Behaviour Driven Development"
"CS619 Project
Remote Version"
""
"A POM with some common settings for Basis Technology open source components"
""
"Lua library exposing libpcre via LuaJIT FFI"
""
""
"A Java calculator using Swing"
"NodeJS endpoint to listen for rum-diary-js-client statistics and send them to one or more collectors"
"Fun with Node."
"for fun"
"Store and display custom cli arguments with respective short descriptions."
""
""
"My blog posts published in www.javiersoto.me"
"Otter convergence implementation in Haskell"
""
""
""
"pvm - p virtual machine"
""
""
"Old and new java projects"
"Cultural Heritage Wiki Test"
""
"Gisgraphy base objects and beans"
"Hash functions."
"The main server side for the serverlist (used by Germanunkol/Affair)."
""
"This program creates a maze.  The distance of each grid cell from the start of the maze is then marked and the shortest route from the stark of the maze to the end of the maze is highlighted.  This is accomplished by using a stack, and queue, and a linked"
""
"Grab DMs quick and dirty with PHP."
"Get your Arcada calendar in iCal format"
""
"Parsing out the exception handling information from a binary, for use in identifying the return address."
"fztest"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"C# and WinForms wrapper for youtube-dl and ffmpeg for easy audio/video downloading"
"Node.js to provide a runtime to support Coffeescript asset precompilation"
"This contains my Internet Draft template, Makefile, etc. It is the base of my drafts."
"Simple priority types for python"
"Modeling swarms"
""
"Track gems download statistics."
""
"Raspbian with ros support ""sources enabled"""
"Find ""best"" compiler options using simulated annealing"
""
"Convert between embed / un-embedded text "
""
"Dockerfile for creating a container for the CoffeeChatter application."
"Tool for watching prices on Amazon"
"innovation club"
"The material I covered when learning how to web dev. "
"Repository for R-Programing Class"
""
"Simple barcode based item catalog, written in Python"
"Codes Practice"
"Github website"
""
"Real-time chat app using Node & socket.io"
"Getting up to speed on meteor js"
""
"Chrome extension to show the latest Astronomy Picture of the Day"
"Gisgraphy library with common logic"
"Langton's ant and friends in Elm"
"A Chrome extension that helps you keep track of your daily tasks."
"SDN and NFV stuff"
"kaggle contest"
"Scala macro test"
"Buiilding Scripts"
"Useful Matlab Utilities"
""
"some python i did"
"Test phonegap"
"awwwa"
"Ersatz fan speed control for macs with unsupported hard drives."
"An API and command-line interface for sending messages via Pushover, written in ANSI C"
"January Submission for App A Month"
"A collection of scripts used for a project."
":person_with_blond_hair: My personal website."
"A collection of sample projects using Spring Boot and Other Goodies "
""
"My first repository on GitHub"
""
"Things and Stuff"
""
"Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku"
"Some backgrounds. For who needs more space in their visions and desktops. "
"Mapping Islamicity of all World Countries and OIC members"
"MPU6050 in spin and c# data collector"
"Programming practice"
""
"Using gulp, bower and sass like a boss"
"Just a testing repo."
"New to this community, I hope to explore the vast world of programming"
"An OpenSource FeedReader, based on https://github.com/AWDevCorner/FeedReader-step-by-step , works great with WordPress."
"HBC invoice match using flakes front-end framework"
"tapley.co"
"Allows a single player with pre-determined behavior rules to play blackjack against a dealer"
"Streaming JSON for Go."
"Binding to the Dropbox Remote API"
"geocoder and geolocalisation webservices for Geonames, Openstreetmap, and quattroshapes data"
""
"Dimensions of various RC parts I've used for reference purposes"
""
""
"Slides of my previous talks"
"Learning with a snake"
"A template for creating a full stack angularJS project"
""
"Basic tax calculating app."
"Self destructing android app. Backend using parse.com"
"ruby course homework"
""
"A sail.js example"
""
"john"
"For use with an Arduino IR Multiplexer shield. (https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/mLu4CjXF)"
""
""
"Clojure optimization library"
"A simple, ad-free, Material Design inspired flashlight application for Andorid devices."
""
""
"makes a random idea "
"The Resolutionator"
"I think this is required to make my public page."
""
"App Du Lich Server "
""
""
"A java program that simulate the operation of a repair office"
"a chef cookbook of recipes to automate and configure server administration tasks."
""
"a snapshot of the @congressedtiors twitter archive"
"New Website Parts"
""
"Isitrexmanningday.com website"
"Demonstration Website"
"Binary search tree"
"tools for GH development"
"Analysis code for UMD Fermilab Test Beam Facility data from Dec 2014"
"Project to keep distant family and friends in touch."
""
""
""
"Source Code, Tutorials, and Notes for  *Interactive Sound + Vision* course. "
"Grad school portfolio"
"UIkit components built with React"
""
"This is a basic Rails app to test Judge Gem"
"Redirects domains to mooey5775.cf"
""
""
""
""
"This is the tutorial from http://developer.getpebble.com/getting-started/watchface-tutorial/part1/"
"version 2.0 of my cello subdomain. Now with 100% more Jekyll"
"A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. "
""
"Node require wrapper with options for cache busting, pre- and post-processing"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Collection of personal config scripts for development"
"library to serialize java objects to XML, json, php, yaml, python, ruby, ..."
"Second Commit"
""
"C1X website - update to contact page contact email addresses"
"Configuraciones."
""
"Description"
""
"A basic Out Of Office system"
""
"Project of Data Mining"
"Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability"
""
""
"library for universalserialiser"
""
"stream to apple tv"
"[ C++ ] CPU Cluster Simulator for CptS 223 (Data Structures)."
"delete later"
"Quick Reference for Python and JS"
"project_euler solutions"
"Playing With SignalR Server and Mulitple Clients"
""
"Golang package for computing a decimal check digit"
"FastShare.cz plugin for Synology Download Station"
"Node module for getting your weatherdata from osanywhereweather"
"The first pure Blogging System, ever seen, since ages, made even better."
"experiments with singleton types & identity types in type theory"
""
""
""
""
"Simple implementation of Same Game in JavaScript "
""
"Rust testing tutorial."
"A Minecraft mod for Modular systems."
""
""
"SignMeUp application for Brown TA program."
"github.io repo"
"node.js custom template parser"
"Bluespec SystemVerilog Package for Sublime Text"
"test222"
"simple app to split expense among friends on a trip "
"Render mathjax text in SVG"
"Wrapper for the DigitalOcean API V2"
"CSV support for Ruby Object Mapper"
"Our entry into the Kaggle Competition for Avazu CTR"
"Personal Website"
"Get a text message when your class opens. "
"The purpose of this program is to ask the user to input a series of characters.  The program will then determine whether or not the character is a part of the ASCII character set.  If it is not, the program will disregard the character.  Approved characte"
""
""
"Boxstarter and chocolatey configurations for Windows-based development machines"
""
"Dependency Injection Container for .NET"
"Project 2 Front end dev. "
"Filterjs is a client-side html element filterer with criteria"
"My personal website. Built with node.js, express.js, and bootstrap. Live at kazarin.me"
"Used to learn IOS programming"
""
"Convert Plump documents to CommonDoc ones, and vice versa"
"Cloudability API wrapper for node.js"
"Poker without cards; over internet using socket programming. Used RSA Algorithm and SHA protocol's commutative encryption scheme for encryption and decryption of cards, with an objective to implement an unarbitrated protocol that allows random choice with"
"A small python app that renders multiple blender files."
"A simple example of how one can plot the Lorenz Attractor in Swift on OS X. Not fast and most probably not idiomatic."
"C# Tool for ZIP files"
"API to create a MediaStream from Media Element"
"GitHub Pages"
"JavaScript NES emulator and emulation library."
"An assignment from the first C++ course in the major. It's a linked list based file-comparison tool. See readme for more details."
"Data driven bbPress forum reporting"
"A greenish blog theme for Middleman. Responsive, fast and pretty!"
""
""
"My first JavaScript application"
""
"local daemon collecting stats from time to time"
""
""
"A lightweight client that pulls lyrics for the current track playing in Spotify"
"ekg for mobile devices"
"Hello World!"
"Open Source Android Artifact Parser"
"My vim setup"
""
"A python powered application that translates english to another language(s)"
"Very basic lenses"
"testing git "
""
""
"Learn ruby the hard way tutorials"
"A python server that hosts a camera stream using OpenCV."
"A collection of CS/Software Engineering Projects created"
"WPU Theme Customize"
""
"A JavaScript library for position HTML elements."
"City generator for the image synthesis project"
"For libraries and other users of library electronic resources (databases). Collect COUNTER compliant usage statistics via SUSHI, analye, and report."
""
"Web app to extract tables and attach search functionality"
"Interesting Code samples in node.js"
"Import Nest thermostat and Weather Underground data into InfluxDB"
"An Arduino library to draw bar graph on a Liquid Chrystal display."
"BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015"
"AdBuddizController is a Python module for accessing and displing ads from an AdBuddiz SDK for Android in Kivy, Python-based apps."
"Repo for TestFirst.org Excercises"
"openglSpriteTest"
"Showing Off Github Pages"
""
""
""
"Random applications used for learning purposes"
"True Love Calculator Android App"
""
""
"Serialize and validate data structure"
"Pinhole camera exposure time calculator."
"frontend-nanodegree-resume"
"Just an Experiment"
""
"Another way to write Junit, Inpired by Mocha.js"
""
"hello world"
""
"Launchrock TagHost"
"brandingbrand github pr tool"
""
"Compare netcdf history files from FIM, NIM, and iHycomm models"
"Tired of just converting between ogrs? Try converting ogres to humans and humans to ogres!"
"homepage"
""
"Aggregator style website created with Ruby on Rails. "
"minimal script to help find script into de nse database"
"Data vizualization of life expectancy in Canada by Province"
"Fletches logs into unstrung bows."
"Build A Real-Time Twitter Stream with Node and React.js"
"Simple API Wrapper in Erlang based on tutorial: http://vimeo.com/59832641"
"Modules for SeisComP3"
"Lua client for Imbo"
"a response navigation framework"
""
""
"[ C++ ] BST Tree Counter for CptS 223 (Data Structures)."
"Docker image with NGINX / PHP 5.6"
""
"CubeMX project for Eclipse with defaults for ARMstrap Eagle"
"Add GreifPrevention claim rendering to dynmap"
"Common R packages I like"
"My Dockerfiles."
"Ocaml like toy programming language"
"WarPath"
""
"Simple website developed for the Paradaise tour firm using HTML5 and CSS3"
""
""
"Xkbswitcher, a Gnome-Shell extension to easily switch between xkb files located in the user home directory"
""
"spring 4 boilerplate"
""
""
""
""
"Visualization of EMG data from Myo armband"
"Node.js bindings for the FluidSynth software synthesizer."
"Chao HelloWorld project"
"Additional directives for AngularJS"
"The Game"
"bookkeeping website"
"Unity application"
"wakao"
"Prediction period"
"Nothing here to see"
"A simple Javascript file for benchmarking functions against one another"
""
"Python Tests"
""
"Modules for ARMstrap Eagle CubeMX Template Projects"
"My Visual Studio projects"
""
"A dive into the world of micro frameworks"
"For /r/dailyprogrammer: https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/2r4wal/20150102_challenge_195_all_2015_prep_work/"
""
"A thin layer between you and your sockets that helps prevent chafing."
"Android Calculator with Themes"
""
"starting structure for flux react app"
"Database a JGI blast search"
""
""
"Status checker for some common services."
"Timezones app"
""
""
"the source code for my portfolio"
""
"Tkgui/Othello game logic written for ICS 32 at UC Irvine"
""
"This project is a demo app for BroadcastReceiver and Notification in Android."
"Repository for all the projects made by Project G"
""
"Music game for improving musical timing and comfort with odd time signatures."
""
"Wireless Heat Mapper App build for Windows powered by NodeJS and WebKit"
"Quick and Clean wordpress plugin starterkit ; A plugin boilerplate to add custom codes in wordpress features & theme, an agile alternative to function.php in theme"
""
"Parabolic curves using only straight lines."
""
"A Reddit bot that gives out eve buddy trials"
"SPARQL interface for HexaDB"
"WildStar Nameplate Addon"
""
"Learning Python 1: Fibonacci"
"GML (Graph Modelling Language) format"
"Python Projects"
"Some Langtons Ants"
""
""
"Entrepreneurs Directory"
""
"LaTeX Report and Thesis Template"
""
""
"Module base shipping"
""
"Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex."
"A couple fun algorithmic art experiments."
"TGF (Trivial Graph Format) parser and stringifier"
"Rebranding ConEmu icon"
"Working with node.js"
"AI for Hive: the board game"
"dasdsa"
"Freifunk Helgoland specific Gluon configuration"
"Homebrew Pong-like game for the Nintendo DS"
""
" http://127.0.0.1/iDict/"
"Ninefold implementation of the Mybema free online community platform"
"testing source control"
""
"Azure Websites Deployment Demo"
"From my mac to Github public account"
"Nothing to see here.... just playing around learning node.js, MySQL and Cloud9 IDE"
"a multi-platform source code translation language and tool"
"Simple particle engine written in order to learn Cinder"
"Chef cookbook to install/configure Oracle JDK"
"PostGIS ST_MakeValid equivalent using Shapely"
"Mobile web app for painting contractors to estimate costs"
""
"A simple, modular todo application."
"A bash script to create a Plex-compliant directory for your TV series"
"Project 5 neighborhood map"
"Simple Protocol Server for Windows"
""
"Munin Plugin for monitoring the DHT series of humidity and temperature sensors on a Raspberry Pi"
"repository to keep track of Ez3D Phoenix parts and upgrades. For all to use. "
"cms bootstrap for nodejs projects focussing on emberjs"
""
"Chef Infrastructure automation cookbook book examples"
"Python IRC Bot"
""
""
"Zabbix-Templates"
""
"[Experiment] A simple todo list API built with Laravel 4"
""
""
"Exercises from Haskell The craft of functional programming"
""
""
""
"Robot utilizing Udoo mini PC"
""
"A PAC file simulating the effect of GFW."
"Concrete Craft Ranks"
""
"vim support for efene"
"code samples from the book ""JMX in Action"""
"WarPathPlanner"
"Rescue Buddy"
""
""
""
""
"Routing crazy with PHP.."
"Vaulx-en-Velin (FR) International Daylight Measurement Programme station data manipulation"
"newbtcp"
"Add-ons to Enterprise Territory Management, to help with entering and visualizing location-based territories."
""
""
"Kalman Filter for Beginners: with MATLAB Examples"
"rails application templates"
"2015 ESUC website"
"a HoneyBee interpreter for Arduino"
"Converts S parameters to a Spice Model"
"History Catastral Ontology"
""
"The barcode parser is a library for handling the contents of GS1 barcodes."
"download song of douban.fm"
""
"The missing JS library to create MS Word documents from NodeJs or IOJS apps"
"Create an email summary of a Trello board."
"playing around with chrome apps and TodoMVC from TasteJS"
"Android hour calculator designed for Osakidetza nurses"
"Contracts for extending or replacing components within the Shuttle framework."
"Vinegar-Site"
""
""
"NPM module with code not compliant with strict mode. For tests."
"Open Web Integrated Development Environment - full stack framework and IDE for bare-metal development in HTML5, CSS3, JS, WebAudio, WebRTC and more. "
"Spin up a temporary postgres instance"
"A complete Minecraft-related PHP website package."
"My solutions to the Matasano Crypto Challenges"
"Base PHP application skeleton."
"Open Web Testing Project"
""
""
"grot"
"A simple tunnel game to play in your browser."
"LeagueSharp"
"Package from http://www.skarnet.org/software/execline/"
""
"Personal CV/Portfolio"
"GBW Project 3"
"Given locations of roads and intersections as points this program draws a map and is capable of finding the shortest distance between 2 points. Completed in Spring 2014. "
"BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1"
"Project to setup an internship website for Green River."
"Object Oriented WordPress Plugin"
"Grab the passwords of all encrypted email accounts the Zimbra server"
""
"Doing the How to use a content provider Udacity class: https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud258/"
"New Year Game Jam"
"organize your digital belongings"
"oe-core pli4"
""
"Node.js API helper module"
"Practice Repo for Scala"
"A CRUD To-Do List Backend"
""
""
"The purpose of this function is to determine if a character in a file is a punctuator or separator and to use recursion to reverse the order of text words."
""
""
""
"A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line."
"Solutions for Project Euler problems in Haskell (2014)"
"An Enigma machine emulator, the WW2 german cipher machine"
""
"HTML & CSS class page."
"Experimenting with OpenGL"
"Implementation of commonly used Data Structures and Algorithms"
""
""
"It's me, Mario!"
"Asteroids in C++ with SFML2"
"A Polymer element for querying the APIs created with Kimono"
"A Simple Configuration File Parser in C++11"
"FRC Team 4911's code from the 2014 game Aerial Assist - Go to CompetitonRobot/src/org/usfirst/frc4911/CompetitionRobot for .java files"
"A game with squares"
"Repository to study eCommerce Applications"
""
""
""
""
"convert decimal time values to iso8601"
"Chromium Embedded Framework Submodule"
"A vagrant setup to bring up a quick rails server"
""
"WIP"
""
"Small Javascript script simplified"
"A reference implementation for the communicating with the Unity Rest system."
"my vagrant app"
"My Little Resume"
"Squeeze on Arch (SoA) repo"
"sidescrolling 2d game with canvas"
"C/C++ version of the zxcvbn password strength estimator"
""
"Simple Safari extension to open subreddits by name"
""
"Mobile Application Development - WINTER 2015"
"Send a HTTP request when receiving a call or a text message."
"Playing around with the large number of characters that our sweet George R.R Martin killed on the HBO Serie Game of Thrones."
"PHP proxy for websites"
""
""
""
""
""
"My personal website"
""
""
"Examples of some ""porcelain"" git commands implemented with python bindings (pygit2) to the libgit2 library."
"Personal Website"
"My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell"
""
"Things that need to be done"
"Logging library for console/service (hybrid service) applications. Depending on the run mode will write to console or file."
"weekly slidedecks here for viewing, printing, notes"
""
"Collect hipchat history"
"[FORGE] Test for energy API"
"Turn actions into key presses"
"A C++ container with automatic unlocking, concurrent reads, and deadlock prevention."
"Fresh Prince Project"
"MVC4_CRUD"
"ModuleScript for making it easy to do Client/Server communication using the ROBLOX platform"
""
"Client and Server source code"
"The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group"
"Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol"
"Scoped style sheets as a web component."
"Demonstrates a Spring Boot web application with Thymeleaf."
"Collection of configuration files git controlled for quick setup and propagation"
"Mobilie application for smart lighting system (UC Irvine Senior Design)"
""
"Post-deploy rake plugin"
"Test repository"
"server component for dreams and stuff mobile app"
"Homepage"
"Learning Python"
"Control a glsl depthmap in processing"
"An implementation of a poker AI agent"
"World Cup 2014 team and player stats"
"myfinance"
"This repository contains the core code of Lavender."
"current website"
""
"Repository creation"
"store django request objects for debugging / recreating server errors"
"Code base for relik online. Purpose is to learn playmaker code integtation"
"Test for CI"
"Slick2D based top down tank shooter"
"I should make this into a generator of some kind"
"Java coding prepare for tech interview"
"Generate RFC conforming strings for an FTP server connection."
"Malicious teensy execute a file"
""
"Programming a PIC32 microcontroller- Ethernet Starter Kit"
""
""
"A website with JQuery functionality that I put together for the final project of a JavaScript class."
"Dependencies for Vorb"
""
""
"Ember addon to json-pretty"
"Music web-service based on MEAN-stack"
"A list of mantras of technology companies"
"learning using GitHub."
""
"Repository for completed works"
"A simple bukkit plugin that filters log output with regexes"
"Code to create a heatmap using location history data from google.com/locationhistory."
"A simple C# program for Windows, for checking the devices in a local network (currently discontinued)"
"iPhone Map App"
"Hello World Test"
"Visualizations on Global Militarization"
"Have you ever wanted to see where you stand on recent GitHub Issue work for a repository, this is the thing for you."
"Simon's Stamp Collection App -- helps us learn GIT"
"A cuboid rotating on a checkered background with fogging and lighting effects using OpenGL"
""
""
"Application to solve kenken puzzles"
"Sidelist - addon for Cartographer in World of Warcraft"
""
"This is a pretty simple application to scrape google search results and put the result titles in a DataGridView. It also allows saving in Excel"
""
"my first repository"
"A small Node.js script that finds product ingedients"
""
"Scripts to install and run ansible to provision any machines and allow development with vagrant"
"Chapter example for chapter 6 of Ionic in Action"
""
"A simple Python parser program for data from analytics.twitter.com"
""
""
"DataTables Editor v1.3.3 library with data table multiselect and input type file options"
"A flycheck syntax checker for nim"
"My user page"
"Connect Four game written with partner during ICS 32 at UC Irvine/Simple Networking in Python"
""
"Screencast plans/links etc"
"Barebones CMS - SSO Server/Client Page Protection widget"
"My public code."
""
"Learning analytics Moodle plugin - graphs to help teachers."
"Thinkful data science class"
"A pure python nl80211-based library for wifi adapters. Communicates with the driver directly."
"Experiments with THREE.JS"
"Repository for eCommerce database SQL scripts"
"My implementation of the classic battleship."
"tCGC S06L26 instructional"
"Jay's first repository"
""
""
"This program finds the maximum possible sum of any slice in a given array. It has a time complexity of O(N)."
"Solving some problems"
""
"Decrypt passwords stored by Firefox, Thunderbird, Iceweasel, Icedove using libnss3.so"
""
"solutions hackerrank.com"
""
"So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut"
""
"Status Reports for your email"
"First model of my Dissertation"
""
"Win App for Conquistadores"
"first repository on GitHub"
"All php assenments"
"Mobile application repository"
"Modify ETH's Monpoly for counting the number of log entries"
"Repository for all the projects made by Project G"
""
""
"blog app based on rails guides docs"
"A static site developed to display my CV using HTML5 and CCS3"
""
""
""
"Fitbit AS3 API Client Library"
""
"Python script to take either single image file or a directory of images and sort by year and date stamp by extracting DateTime EXIF tag from image."
""
""
"My first attempt at Rock-paper-scissors with Python"
""
"Collection of my various scripts for Blender"
""
""
"outline of how the system works, the moving parts"
"Amazons game AI project for cosc 322"
"Scripts for printing Twitter on an endless thermo-paper printer"
""
""
""
"C#-like lists in C++"
"Base Vagrantfile and dummy box. Can be forked for each new VM that is created. Uses the vagrant-vsphere plugin."
""
"Browser based video player featuring support for drag and drop of files (and subtitles)"
"Gosu Connect Four with AI"
"Simple header-only .ini parser written in C++"
""
"hella simple todo app built with angular + firebase"
"Challenging but I am just regular in JS."
"Web API backend for rephraseit application"
""
"Python stock signal interface written for ICS 33 at UC Irvine"
"Lensy propositional formulas"
"Simple engine for creating plugin-driven applications"
""
""
"Sample selenium tests using Spoon containers"
"This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen."
""
"Scrolling the table view will hide and unhide the navigation bar"
"personal portfolio website"
""
"Studio Ghibli DB"
"12 Graphics about Your Water Footprint"
"A default startup file for Blender that matches the settings for UE4."
"A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts)."
"A Docker container for running iperf3 in client or server mode"
"Android application - Domotic control using a Ninja Block(Beaglebone Black w/ Arduino), recognizes hand gestures with the accelerometer and the current localization using networks intensity."
""
"first!"
"NodeJS library for facebook"
""
""
"This is an attempt to figure out how to use this software. I do not have a clue what I am doing."
""
""
"txt prep app"
""
"A jQuery slider plug-in that's made to be styleable"
"application to help people decide their outfit based on weather"
"Project to try to figure out and do something with an Intel P8085 processor that I salvaged. Building a minimal 8-bit computer."
""
""
"Supplemental problems written for CSC-161 at Grinnell College"
""
"Konrad Hinsen's OnClojure.com tutorial "
"Parts for my customized pinball machine"
"Dynamically load dylibs into MobileSubstrate"
"A service for automating coupon downloads for Kroger grocery outlets"
"The Interplanetary Lobbing League"
"visit any value recursively"
""
""
""
""
"Android Dev Projects"
""
""
"Short python script designed to identify housekeeping genes in protein files, concatenate them, and create a MLST phylogeny"
"An android sidescrolling game"
"Doomsday algorithm practice"
"WAG estimator"
""
"a program for the simulation of nonrelativistic celestial mechanics"
"This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java."
"Fanout.io library for Ruby."
""
"A javascript application that formats crime data for Marple from the data.police.uk api"
""
"A ps and bash scripts to make taking screenshots from an android device and transferring it to your machine easier"
""
""
"Django 1.7 Hacker News Clone"
"stream reasoning playground"
"This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting)."
"Some programs"
""
"CAD files (SolidWorks) for a layered acrylic enclosure for the Raspberry Pi."
"Logs errors in a cSharp app "
"a simple example app that shows the ember-cli-simple-store addon in action"
"Website for Gold Cadillac built on PHP\Laravel"
"A Markov-chain random text generator."
"command line crosscloud chat client"
""
"API driven TCP tunelling for multiple different backends"
"Swift Gamecenter Tutorial"
"led display project"
"practice problems for clojure"
"Ribbit Marketing Website"
"a mock up of a cool trivia game"
""
"Mandrill api wrapper for .net"
"iOS8 Swift project for class"
"Simple reversal functions"
""
""
"CIrru Parser in Haskell"
"Source files for my home page and blog."
"Clay Model Ajax Connector for Salesforce API - use with 3vot-salesforce-api"
"This is Baas for only Angular!!"
"Graphical implementation of Conway's Game of Life for iPad written in Swift."
"Provide a command to format and install arch linux on a server through a running Ubuntu live"
""
"Sample FreeBSD kernel module: hello world"
""
"Various enhancements, experiments and outright hacks of Mutable instruments firmware code"
"Udacity reflections from Github course"
""
"Evernote + iA writer in Meteor"
"Reflections upon UD775 on Udacity"
"Game of Life in Clojure"
""
""
"joint spectral-energy-distribution and spatial priors for separating contributions to CMB maps"
"leap motion controlled theremin. cooler name coming soon."
"Roku remote for OSX"
"A JavaScript library for handling the rules of Scotland Yard the board game"
"learn and test how to use git and github"
""
"Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).

It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015."
"Adding first code snippets"
"Some Human lang design examples."
""
"Misc"
"A plugin for TeamCity to allow automatic agent authorization based on a token configured in agent's buildAgent.properties file."
"Lea"
"Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning"
"MAPPIAMO main repository. The geoCMS for mapping site built with <3, openstreetmap, leaflet, bootstrap, php, mysql...."
"Probability of Default Calibration"
""
"Gephi Graph Stream Server"
""
""
"UIViewController category that provides safe iOS7 compatible access to UITraitCollection object by exposing new property mbTraitCollection on a UIViewController."
"git in practice"
"The Skein hash function and Threefish block cipher"
""
":thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors."
"Vagrant based environment propelled by chef-solo which gives you working RStudio server environment."
"vk.com simple bot"
""
"Life history simulation for Biologists Night"
"Run templatable playbooks of SQL scripts in series and parallel on Redshift and Postgres"
"Simple webhook responder"
"A fake project that's part of the Git Essential course at Tuts+ Premium"
""
"Hubot used in #joind.in on freenode"
":wrench: Some tools for contributing to Homebrew"
"remote repo for git basics class"
""
"Additional or patched packages for gluon"
""
"Database for Interpolating Geobioinformatic something something R"
"Play 2 Java Tutorial"
"Resolve"
"Sanitizes a hash keys according to a whitelist."
""
"file/image manager picker"
"BunbunJanken calls you, fuckin' fuck."
"Playing around with node/express"
""
"mandatory first proj"
"Dropbox helper for removable drive management"
""
"Dates and times library for Rust."
"a flash RealTimeSimulation game"
"Tech Blogging Engine"
""
"A python library that makes common hue light scheduling easier"
"Perl driver for the PCD8544 LCD controller"
"A separate test suite for boolean path operations in paper.js, comparing results with Java2D's boolean operations."
"Trace-url is a toy url expander/tracer written with Haskell."
""
"Simple example of a UIPageViewController tutorial screen written in Swift.  "
"An application to automate source codes online "
"A plugin for coverage.py to measure Django template execution"
"My reflection"
"Rust wrapper for v4l2"
""
"grunt-moe-bower"
"Serialize has_many relationships into a single column. Easy NoSQL with ActiveRecord!"
"Dynamic data tables"
"[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/)."
"ANTLR4 Grammar for NASA PDS version 3 Labels"
""
"Abstactions and concrete implementations of mutable containers"
"Go DDFS Client"
""
"Simple Github release command line tool"
"(Perl) Convert Pod to InDesign's Tagged Text format"
"(Perl) a little language interpreter"
"...just a test"
""
"Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library."
"Helper for Algorithm Competitions"
"Learning Ember.js"
"Downloader for iVysilani"
"Grunt wrapper for the filter-java-properties Node pacakge"
"Show how to connect C# .NET to Arduino and talk to LCD, OLED, Serial LEDS, DS18B20"
"Puzzle game of 8 cubes"
"2D bubbles @ html5 canvas - demo at"
"Convert Chrome extension locale and manifest files Firefox compatible ones"
""
""
"Rails 4 app"
""
"The classic game of yahtzee."
"Pushes data to QUASAR as fast as possible."
"ember-cli-101 book example app"
""
""
""
"My collection of Ansible roles"
"2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes."
""
"MobileMakers Tax Calculator"
""
""
"high performance, low fragmentation memory allocator"
"My First ASP.NET MVC5 Study Proejct "
""
"Android Flickr Browser from the Udemy course"
""
"AT&T Dev Summit Hackathon GreenGuest "
"only for my learning this tool."
""
"CS 21b Greeting card project"
"Hugo generated personal blog, using GulpJS for the build process."
"Summer Project for 2014"
"Several fast 32-bit xor-shift random number generators implemented in Javascript."
"Simulate a Bus Route Creel Survey of Anglers"
"Chinese Text Segmentation Data for jiebaR Package"
"renders is go template middleware for tango"
"Fixtures for Mongoid"
""
""
""
""
"validation library"
"A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package"
""
"Javascript implementation of macaroons"
"Synchronize recurring orders and cancellations with Payflow Pro and Paid Memberships Pro."
"Udacity Git Course"
""
""
""
""
"Map Project Prototype 2.0"
"Kerbal Space Program mod to swap roll/yaw axes"
""
""
"Angular text and textarea fields implemented using contenteditable attribute."
""
""
""
"Single web page to interface with the tasklist-api"
"Docker image to run DB2 LUW"
""
""
"my awesome wm config"
"A curated list of awesome Architecture software, libraries, resources and shiny things"
""
" Learning WebGL Lesson 3 converted from vanilla WebGL to use stack.gl."
"first_application"
"Configuration Server"
"A patience card game to play in the browser."
"t -- easy tmux wrapper."
"pikhq coreutils (take two)"
"Logs WiFi power levels"
""
"Source for quasarj.com, static site"
""
"My Personal Project"
""
"A basic arithmetic calculator, with a backend implemented in PHP"
"Hongmilmil Inventory Control"
"clear chinacache by API"
"A simple GameBoy / GameBoy Color SDL emulator written as an exercise."
"Draft for 'Quantile Regression for Missing Data with Monotone Dropout'"
"Playing around with React and Material Design"
"An example project for running cljs tests through node."
""
"Stack of new technologies to play with JSM project"
"A simple recreation of the iOS toggle switch using CSS"
""
"A docker project building on koha-base to set up a working koha based on git checkout."
""
"Extra features for sales management, for example template quotations."
"SikuliX version 2.0.0 to be released in 2016"
" :school: NMCT BA Project"
""
"Monitor your infrastructure in real time using ssh to centralize a stream of log events"
""
"Hiccup zipper conversion and searching"
"Create an ansible user and configure its credentials"
""
"Cloudinit inject/extract into/from AWS CloudFormation"
"Zombee workers for hivewing.io"
"Project to learn Ruby on Rails 4. (2) Blog Web App. Original code made by @mackenziechild."
""
""
"A simple code base to teach myself some c++14, sdl2, cmake, and emscripten"
"haroo cloud api stack"
"Website for Explore California"
""
"A multiplayer snake created with Clojure and ClojureScript"
"Org based journal (diary)"
"My Master's Thesis."
""
"Web interface for ledger-cli"
"Stripe SAAS Rails Engine"
"A Clojure library for Apache Spark: fast, fully-features, and developer friendly "
""
"An interactive visualization of Stanford's enrollment by major using D3.js backed by AngularJS"
""
"mreed111_gitrepo"
"Emacs org-mode based command line TODO application"
"Ensemble plume display script in PHP."
"GUI for planning VRC autonomous programs"
"CubeCart Version 5"
"RabbitVnc is a cross-platform remote control library and program vnc-based."
""
""
"Fetching data from NOAA"
"A simple theme to get your WordPress site up and running in no time."
"Work with spotternetwork locations"
"Prototype of a language."
"project to learn python and git"
"IRC server Docker image with config."
"Practice repository for Udacity course 'How to Use Git and GitHub'"
""
"scripts for downloading data from (the aus) BOM"
"VendingMachineKata"
"Program that aids the user with time management, User clocks on and off from selected tasks and usage statistics are generated to help provide insight on where time was spent."
"ELKI Data Mining Toolkit"
"OO HTTP primitives"
"Swift version of the joind.in iOS app, using API v2"
"Python Challenge Solutions"
""
""
"Break unbreakable blocks like a CEO"
"Utilities for Data Manipulation, Disk Caching, Testing"
"Calculate Physiological Characteristics of Adults and Children"
""
"Solutions for CIS 194 - Spring 2013"
""
"An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX."
"Neural-network controlled tanks with evolutionary model - A study on neuroevolution"
"starter"
"code of my portfolio site http://dominikschreiber.com"
"Patterns for my LED wall"
""
""
""
"Retrieving settings from database"
"Read-only release history for App-ShellCompleter-CpanUpload"
"Ansible role to configures AWS security groups for a site."
"Read-only release history for Map-Metro-Plugin-Map-Athens"
"An app to help with textbook and resource access for my math class"
"Template for Gulp"
"Crabfarm ruby client"
"Course assigment for computer networks."
"Java non-functional testing framework"
"Set like structure"
"Read-only release history for Tie-StringArray"
"A simple and less-data presale system for hacker events and all other live events."
"Read-only release history for Bib-CrossRef"
"For Interview"
"Prime-Index Set Transformations for Prime Numbers"
""
""
"Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible"
"The sunshine app from the Udacity Course ""Developing Android Apps"" - added the ""L"" for Android Lollipop and Material Design."
""
"This repo demonstrates what steps need to be followed when implementing a simple Login user story."
""
"Scripts for working with data from Google Finance"
"Solutions to leetcode"
""
"Travelling Salesperson Problem outlined in the assignment provided by http://algs4.cs.princeton.edu"
"Percolation outlined in the assignment provided by http://algs4.cs.princeton.edu"
""
"Dockerfiles for Ruby on CentOS 7"
"server side, NO.0"
"Simple web user interface for HomeMatic CCU2"
"Stenogram site"
"mirror of the official releases"
""
""
"A bot that Rick Rolls the most popular hashtags on Twitter"
""
"Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation"
"The wantedpixel.com website"
"Relevant .m files for simulation"
"Tool for generating map images from Mapbox tiles"
"Simple app do display accumulated data from your last 28 days registered in Strava"
"Volunteer project for Happiness Programme in Node.js"
"An open source Pusher server implementation compatible with Pusher client libraries written in GO"
""
"additional packages for OpenWrt"
"A graphing utility for Moodle, see the provided documentation for this exciting plugin for Moodle"
""
"2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. "
"plagin for wordpress"
"Streams radio from command line"
"A management system for things in and relating to my house (currently just lights)"
"Interpreting XML tables from Tally into datatables using R"
"collaborative playlist sharing for youtube"
""
"Dead Simple Prototyping Framework for Java"
"Firmware for the BrundleFab powder bed 3D printer prototyping platform"
""
"Batyr is a web application that can be used to improve listening skills."
"A tutor for learning flexbox"
"This is the hOurworld iOS mobile application"
"bolometric corrections (new)"
""
""
""
""
""
"Rss reader for Android"
"This is an Android app called Iterative App"
""
"Elasticsearch Parent POM"
"/dev/null equivalent of connect-session"
""
"Discrete Event System Toolkit and inTeractive Environment"
""
"Synchronize a directory with a Mikrotik address list"
""
""
""
"Mobile wedding card project using Angular JS"
"Art portfolio site"
"Sophisticated HTML form management for React"
"Utils for streaming large files (S3, HDFS, gzip, bz2...)"
"pure js diffie-hellman"
"Website for Brian Shin's Music"
""
"browserify version of crypto.createECDH"
"Deploy your Ember-CLI app using Maven"
"e-mail"
"A Gwt compiler written in Gwt using Java 8, Elemental, JsInterop and Web Components (Polymer)"
"Offline Hadoop Elasticsearch Index Building and Tools For Lambda Architectures"
"A simple iOS app that plays a random sound every time the phone is shaken, made as part of an iOS course I took."
""
"My entry for the UTGDDC GMD 2015"
"Formal executable specification for the Rip programming language"
"A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, "
"backend API server running on Falcon framework and alcohol. Ciders & Lagers not included. "
""
"Harvester.js meets Elastic Search"
""
""
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Palindrome experiments in Haskell"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Configuring JSP and Thymeleaf side by side using Spring Boot"
""
"A music video animation about a strange dream."
"Android application which emulates functionality of a Call Centre"
"subTable"
""
"Open Source Chat Bot for Twitch and Beam"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"WordPress.org Plugin Mirror"
"Puppet module to install php5"
"Software for testing the blinkbox Books website."
"Game in swift"
"My personal template for develop angular webapp"
"The user interface for powa"
"The repository for c9.ide.upload, a Cloud9 core plugin"
"Demos of all kinds"
"An example of using ReactJS with Rails using the classic fizzbuzz app"
""
"Phonegap app for restaurants"
"Optical music recognition"
"A packet parsing and manipulation library for the SMB protocol family"
"Data::Peek - A collection of low-level perl5 debug functions"
""
""
"Save your memorable conversations on Slack.  "
"the night thief"
"md2html converter"
"[DS @ FMI] A custom FileSystem project for the Data Structures course."
"OpenGL demo of a point rendering and texture filtering technique called Surface Splatting."
"ios"
"Aptible's Support and Documentation Site"
""
"reCAPTCHA4net allows to easily integrate the latest version of Google reCAPTCHA API into ASP.NET web application (both Web Forms and ASP.NET MVC are supported)."
""
""
"Studies"
"simple test library"
""
"E-Resort  test project "
"The Monero Website"
"HD Video Encoding and streaming with a Hauppauge HDPVR and a TPLink TL-WR703n"
"Port of Blockly to generate Java code (for and edx course)"
""
"Takes apps from your Paz service directory and runs them on a CoreOS cluster using Fleet."
"Pilot weather forecast challenge"
"Persistent database for Node.js/NW.js/Electron with MongoDB/Mongoose-like features and interface on top of LevelUp"
"Examples of Ansible playbooks"
"node.js server and Express API for the Monolist application."
""
"Implementation's draft of the hungarian algorithm in python"
""
"HTTP Live Streaming (pending)"
"Base repository for building firmware to upload to a STM32 Discovery board."
"Web application framework for React by Red Badger"
""
"GIST Descriptor calculation on GPU"
"UpAndRunning is a lightweight Node.js application which monitors all of your websites for availability and offers a simple JSON-API."
""
"NuGet program for sending coverage reports to coveralls.io"
""
""
""
"A Python library for 3D object construction from 2D parts"
""
"Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase"
""
"A collection of board games for the S14 version of 15-251."
""
"NEONBTL emulator."
"Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)"
"sneaksync program to synchronize large files sets using a smaller cloud-based shared directory (like dropbox)"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/ioping"
"sirtouch"
"Sony Xperia Z aka ""Yuga"""
"ARM processor model"
"Interact with the Echo Nest API in Julia"
"NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)"
"VOKAL common angular API service"
"Pneumatic water level sensor, using bubbler method."
"Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication."
"Ethernet shield based on ATMega644 micro-controller and ENC28J60 network chip"
""
""
"Nibiru Mobile is a framework for developing portable mobile applications created at Oxen."
"Lasso.js plugin to support compilation of less dependencies"
""
""
"simple socket library for apple swift lang."
"2015 Election Analyser"
""
""
"An R package for large scale estimation with stochastic gradient descent"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/bot-thoughts-eezee"
"transpiles pistachio templates"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/numberlinegame"
"Simple command line tool to log work hours using MongoDB"
"Docker-based CKAN environments, with bells and whistles"
""
"Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... "
""
""
"A simple coffee/spine skeleton for Brunch (http://brunch.io/)."
"Seven more languages in seven weeks code"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/sata-mobile-core"
"A command line tool to use the RESTlos Monitoring Configuration API"
"A sticky load balancer optimized for realtime apps"
"Gidole - Open Source Modern DIN"
"Python 3 port of apt-listchanges."
"Compiles upload C file and returns errors"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/envlp"
"Porting CM11 for Pipo M9Pro tablet"
""
""
"Brush up knowledges of Node.js"
"CAS Addon for eXo Platform"
"This repository contains the fonts created by me."
""
"an concrete5 event ticket system"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/file-squeezer"
"Simple SAML IDP server for testing"
""
"OpenAM Addon for eXo Platform"
"JOSSO Addon for eXo Platform"
"SAML2 Addon"
""
"Single page app and main interface for Coduno"
"Concurrency patterns in go: Pipelining, Mutexing, Granularizing and more"
"Swift solutions to Project Euler problems"
"Puppet module to install realmd in a workstation, and add it to a domain"
"update"
""
""
""
""
"Turn legacy BeOS app icons into PNGs"
"rails car listing"
"Android app to sync between PC and android in the same LAN network"
"Small example testing associations in Rails"
"To Store the details of Identifier in Symbol Table"
"SLR Parsing"
"Online Musical Instrument Shopping Website: 2nd Year DBMS Project"
""
"Using gulp, bower and sass like a boss"
""
""
"Include Euclid algorithm, Extend Euclid algorithm, Extend Euclid algorithm using recursion, Fermart primality test, Lehmann primality test and Solovay-Strassen primality test."
":scroll::briefcase: tool to export wiki from SourceForge project (used for PDL wiki)"
""
"Studio Ghibli DB"
"Pelican Theme Demos"
"DJI dev"
"Web interface for Tinder's API"
""
"delimiter-separated values parsing library"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/winff"
"Cygwin adwaita-icon-theme packaging"
""
"Color Scheme for Gnome Terminal and Pantheon Terminal"
"A tool to obtain tensorial stress states from lattice-strains using fully anisotropic diffraction elastic constants"
""
"Square-Beam-KDE icon theme for linux distribution with more than 30.000 icons included"
"A Foreign Function Interface that lets Haskell and Erlang programs communicate."
"This repo contains a first Demo for hands on  seminary"
"Puzzle, with Python 3 & PyQt5 compatibility"
"A biblatex style for academics"
""
""
""
""
""
"Project skeleton for Erlang."
""
""
"Javascript time-based events handler"
""
""
""
"String calculator for ruby without using #eval"
"A single thermocouple to USB adapter."
""
""
"The Solidity Contract-Oriented Programming Langauge"
""
""
"SE code and viral work"
"Modified WHDB"
"Some notes on Riemann surfaces"
"Some general facts in mathematics."
""
"Full AJAX Client/Project Management APP built on top of Codeigniter"
"A project for TEDx labs, this source was used to create a Bop-It style game using fruit as touch sensors."
""
"Github decoration. Just for fun"
"Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown"
""
"An open-source, cross-platform, 3D graphics and game-development framework using Haxe/Lime"
"Feedback and usage report repository for UF data set http://www.gbif.org/dataset/832a5f06-f762-11e1-a439-00145eb45e9a."
"FSharp.MongoDB - the F# driver for MongoDB"
""
"Graphical representation of various sorting algorithms."
"an extension for phpBB around oGame"
""
"GLM-Model"
"My Linux Programming solutions for the LPI book"
""
"Get to Inbox Zero every day. Draws some graphs to keep you motivated."
"Log::Any adapter for sensible defaults in a daemontools-style logging scenario"
"Personal Website"
"QR code editor"
""
"Ion Torrent 16S rRNA amplicon pipeline for Galaxy"
"A library for Manhattan math routines"
"A set of challenges for jump starting your understanding of monads."
"Super sparse multi-class machine learning with Cython"
"A repository for the final project"
"Episode Countdown"
"Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation."
"A curated list of awesome Assembler"
""
"Effective Mass Calculator for Semiconductors"
""
"Helper library for working with VMware from python"
"Pragmatic testing ebook"
"NeuralPHP Framework Version 3.0"
""
" My solutions, written in Python, to the problems posted on Project Euler -- a series of math problems which can only be solved using a computer."
""
"fork of gojsonpointer with support for structs"
"fork of gojsonreference with support for structs"
"openapi specification object model"
"openapi toolkit common errors"
"will be a data packaging management tool - WIP"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/paperplanecms"
""
""
"CS032 Term Project, Spring 2014"
""
""
""
""
"Solutions for some random() wargames and ctfs."
"Google style guides and cpplint (with modifications)"
"Productivity tools add-in for SQL Server Management Studio 2014 and newer, for SQL developers and DBAs"
"Source code of rules for Open Legend"
""
"My personal page"
"Implementation of a Scheme parser as per the book ""Write yourself a Scheme in 48 hours"""
""
"bash script to auto install LAMP stack"
""
""
""
"My effort on competitive programming"
"Browse and stream content from a variety of online MMA sources."
""
""
""
"Iterative Error Feedback"
"A fork of compiler-rt supporting AVR and compatible with Rust"
""
"Python implementation of Efron, Turnbull, and Narasimhan's R function locfdr v1.1-7, which computes local false discovery rates. See http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/locfdr/ for more information."
""
""
"Just a simple jQuery plugin to mimic the ""Back to Top"" feature of WordPress.com. Looking to rewrite with Vanilla JS"
""
"linset fixed version for kali 2.0"
""
"A simple app that lets users view webpages in full screen. Made especially for Corbin Crutchley."
""
"RPi-Car Web Controller"
"Geophysics programs written in Matlab"
"blog"
"iOS lined note textview. It's a quick start for those who plan to create a lined note in iOS. It uses block based call back for menu actions in note."
"Puzzled Pint Theme"
"My Code::Blocks (CB) installer forked from the CB Installer."
"Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume"
"Jive AddOn functionality implemented using ActiveRecord"
"pentest floating repo, based off git submodules), and some useful scripts i wrote"
"SUPINFO OpenID strategy for PassportJS"
""
""
""
"Front-end Web Development Nanodegree Project 4: Performance fixes"
"jun1"
"Project 3: Classic Arcade Game clone"
"SKCC Development"
""
""
"tinyproxy - a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems"
""
""
"An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage"
""
"Online version of multiplayer arcade game Zatacka"
""
""
"csc omnichannel insurance index - Research"
""
"iOS app for the Venue platform"
""
"create laravel"
"hola"
""
""
"Borrow app"
""
""
""
"A simple OS that is built from scratch"
"Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_mixer. Updated daily."
"Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_image. Updated daily."
""
""
""
"Java IRC framework"
"Inventory Management for either one or two stockrooms."
"ansible-role-virtualenv-drupal-console"
"ansible-role-virtualenv-tomcat6"
""
""
""
"Bono's Github Page."
""
""
""
"created during lesson 3 for hw2 "
""
""
"ASGI in-memory channel layer"
""
"Personal recipe site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI"
""
"sobriquet is a name generator built in Javascript and based on Markov Chains"
"Async control flow library for Node.js and the browser."
""
"my bash files"
""
""
""
"Popover directive for AngularJS 1.x."
"A MIDI controller for the Digitech Whammy pedal"
""
"Websocket example for file uploading"
""
""
"basicqtskills-Lodifice created by Classroom for GitHub"
""
""
"Building Debian Server for R Computing"
""
""
"customizations of Omeka Berlin theme"
"1-st psd to html on github"
"Another application for DIY magic mirror"
"fork joomla for testing purpose"
""
""
""
""
"BBC PROJECT from udemy.com"
""
""
""
""
""
"test"
""
""
"UITextView subclass which displays a suffix after editable text and a placeholder."
""
"Google App Engine Buildout Demo"
""
"Declarative data-binding for React based on MarsDB. Inspired by Relay"
"AngularJS 1.x binding for MarsDB"
"LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB"
"LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB"
".NET plugin for valdr, an AngularJS model validator."
"Creating an application using C#, Password manager."
"CS 193p Calculator using Swift"
"My personal website"
""
""
""
""
"Docpad Portfolio Site"
"my first repository"
"Configuration based logging for Rust"
"Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine."
"Personal Website"
""
""
"Assignment 4 for Coursera Full Stack Web Development - AngularJS"
""
"First Node module"
"This is my client research."
"This is my branding research."
"This is my API plans research."
"This is my licensing research."
"This is my research area for webhooks"
"This is the embeddable project."
"This is the project site for voice."
"This is my research area for hypermedia"
"This is a working repository for the spreadsheet and APIs research"
"This is my patent research."
"This is the API Evangelist reciprocity provider research site.  "
"This is my working API visualization research."
""
"redPro"
"This is my API partner research."
"This is an API Evangelist research site for API aggregation services."
"This is my security research"
"This is a working repository for the containers and APIs research"
""
""
""
""
""
"example code for working with the IGIndex (ig.com, igindex.co.uk) restful API"
""
""
""
""
"Sunset's mobile hybrid apps"
""
"A simple synthetic transaction (site login) traffic simulator written in Visual Basic"
""
""
""
""
"app academy prep blogger"
""
""
"pandook == pandoc + book"
""
"Easy to use Espresso contributions for UI Testing with Realm components (RealmRecyclerView, etc) "
""
""
"An annotation based Hydrator system"
""
"Small site to check out metalsmith, with continuous deployment on netlify."
"GoEuro API Project"
"C++ Examples for CTP API "
"chiid error"
""
"A project which convenient people find the place to get into sports"
"Steven BLOG"
"Happy New Year!!"
"gittest"
"nose2 port of the original nosedep plugin for expressing a test running order"
""
""
"initial"
"website src for GoGrinder"
""
"dsc"
""
""
"Wrapper script and config files to use neovim+konsole as a normal gui text editor"
"This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Debian 4.0 etch i386 (32bit)"
"my git test"
"The template list for l3e-cli."
"MkrViewer is a simple yet powerful markdown viewer for mobile (and desktop) platforms."
"my website"
""
"test problems for application"
"Homework assignment for ""Computer Graphics Algorithms and Technologies"""
""
"This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments."
"Perfecto Mobile Framework - .NET"
""
""
""
"sf-ntp extension periodically runs ntpdate program to synchronize the local time on current machine with a set of trusted time servers."
""
""
""
""
"Record Linkage challenge problem"
""
"Pass variables to a remote js response"
"This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab."
"D2533 kernel (From sonyxperiadev/kernel)"
""
""
""
"An app producing random quotes and pieces of advice about graduating."
""
""
"Landing Page for McRae Design"
"Files used in atom video"
""
""
"Following the git_tutorial pdf"
""
""
"everything else."
"A fledgling task manager for emacs"
""
""
"Exercises in JS"
"An arduino-based sms notifier for postal mailbox"
"Chapter 13 code from Real World Haskell Book"
""
"practicing git of codeschoool"
""
"Free Code Camp BaseJump Project - URL Shortner"
"honey e-shop"
"Personal todo list."
""
""
"Web App to find and share recipes"
"Setup TLS encryption for Mosquitto Brokers, and enable bridges from local to remote Machines"
"Compile Monero 0.9 on Ubuntu 15.10 and 14.04 x64"
"Quickly add bulk cards to your PucaTrade Haves list."
""
""
""
"Liferay FMS Portal Theme"
"Front-end Codeguide"
"Sample C++ application that demonstrates list vs vector."
"This is a website that will change constantly, until a decision is made for what type of site it will be."
""
"Builing a Hobby OS, with http://intermezzos.github.io/book/"
""
"Any similarities to existing games are purely coincidental"
"My github page user site"
"my personal website"
"sss"
"An viewer/editor for exploring Alkali variable data flow/dependencies, and their connection to visual DOM elements on a page"
""
""
"A unixy microkernel-based OS"
"Re-creation of the Gliese 876 system"
"Experimental visualisation of runs using Swift and Strava API"
""
"Portfolio website"
""
""
"Website"
""
""
"Assem Project"
"Activity Transitions with RecyclerView list items"
""
""
"Adds Key Binding to elements by dispatching a custom events"
"Ethraa website for supporting the Arabic content."
"Social network"
""
"Simple API project for Free Code Camp"
""
"A helloworld application written in Java using the Maven build system"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/goosh"
"My online portfolio of my recent projects. Feel free to check it out!"
"An implementation of EuroRails in C#"
"Control an RGB light on a Raspberry Pi with web requests."
""
""
""
"BatteryTime"
"Everything that you have saved in your computer now a one place to go. NO More having to download different apps to save different things. This one does it all!!!"
"A simple app using iframe"
"Belated attempt to solve Advent of Code 2015"
"A curated list of questions for developers, engineers and IT professionals to ask while being interviewed."
"Sponge API v2.1"
""
""
""
"powershell scripts"
""
"The Odin Project practice: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming/data-structures-and-algorithms?ref=lnav"
""
""
"jQuery museum gallery"
":pencil: source for web comic site"
"One problem to be solved every day."
"Android application to help communication via pictures"
"Simple clear Event Dispatcher, compatible with Symfony Events"
""
"Storing various test code from Python courses - use at your own risk"
"Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)"
"test"
"A visual exploration of the spatial patterns in the endings of German town and village names"
""
""
"Personal website."
"The protocol the worker-client communication in redstone"
"Full-stack web app inspired by Meetup built on Rails, React/Flux, jQuery, HTML/CSS"
"A cryptographic pastebin for your photos"
"Bread website"
"C# library that converts between common formats"
""
"webdev"
""
"fitio.io primary repository"
""
""
""
"Quickly and easily download an entire channel on YouTube in MP3 formatting"
""
"Simple tool to setup WiFi router with USB 3G modem support. Primery developed for Raspberry Pi."
"A sample app from ""Mastering iOS Frameworks"". Demonstrates Core Location, MapKit and GeoFencing."
"Description"
"Android List View which shows Title,No. of Forks and No. of Stars of ur git repo"
"Tiny project for me to keep track of changes to my website."
"IPTV Test"
"Subliminal integration within Nautilus file manager"
"Little programs coded in C++"
""
"Simple standardised build scripting for common Xyncro projects"
""
""
""
"Stock Market Dashboard using ngX"
"Set of resources for Sketch"
"This is a template for README.md files for projects."
"A set of utilities"
"This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub"
"The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)"
""
""
""
"test"
""
""
"Caeser Cipher Cryptographic Decoder/Encoder"
"fun"
"Building a Website with Node.js and Express tutorial"
"A rails app for keeping track of metals like silver and gold."
""
"A declarative approach to fetching data via superagent"
"Wobbly image mapping a texture to a soft body simulated with Box2d"
"Python Sphinx Read The Docs Theme"
"Quick way to run a usenet downloader setup"
""
"A tool for truncating all tables related by foreign key from a specified root table."
"https://regexcrossword.com/ solver using Z3py"
"This is a repository for my personal website.  "
"Methods of Data Analysis, final group project."
""
""
"Algorithm and data structure questions from online resources and books"
"The home site of author S.C. Barrus"
"Stream music from bands with upcoming concerts in your city"
"Framework to print data in a text table"
"A collection of code and projects for the RaspberryPi"
"Dynamic Information Interface application that fetches the price and status of gold, US dollar and European Euro on a daily basis"
"Combine & Compress CSS & JS Files the easy way"
"CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015"
"Android Developer Nanodegree - Project 4"
"A simple demo repository to show the basic git workflow"
"3rd C++ College Project"
"3x3 Rubik's cube utility and solver"
"Atheme-style configuration parser for Go"
"A gpk.io sample package"
""
""
""
""
""
"Jumpstart labs blogger course"
"code Day web application"
""
"Test Docs 1"
""
"Returns a list of photo projects contained in a mongo db"
"An implementation of the Caesar-Cipher Algorithm in Python!"
"Knockout validation framework. Do one thing. Do it Well."
"RxJS-flavored version of HTTP fetch API for node.js"
"Project seed for Cycle.js that use Webpack as a module bundler"
""
""
"Testing gmail sign in sign out"
"A scaffold to allow the quick development of new Janus applications."
"Try out some ideas from handmade hero in clojure"
"DynamoDB provider for Entryway"
""
""
"Contains token data for capstone project"
"my test project"
"code for predicting and improving visual realism in composite images"
""
"Configuration files and settings"
"helper for tkinter"
""
""
"An API server template written in TypeScript "
"Data Science Coursera Repository"
""
"This a beta ftp written in python. "
""
""
"My resume"
"Example code how to connect LDAP server and perform search operation"
"Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/"
""
"A tool to help me manage RPGs"
""
"Modified Kr Sphinx doc theme"
""
"A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015"
"A simple node module boilerplate"
""
"My Predictive Analytics project for General Assembly Data Science course using NaNoWriMo data"
""
"A web framework to host media files released under a permissive license."
"studies of DI and NInject"
""
"Simple D3.js examples"
""
"Simple angular js examples"
""
"C++  This is a test"
"A level creator for the SideScroller Game"
"Brainfuck interpreter in C"
"Basic Login Page with JavaScript Encryption"
"A simple chess program."
"Sabamed Trasporti & Logistica"
"Aurelia application designed to assist the process of building Aurelia plugins"
"Telegram API implementation based on Feign"
""
"Most used C++ classes"
"Website"
""
"AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland"
"Preparation"
"Java backend for shortURL project."
"A lightweight dispatcher object for general usage."
"3D Touch example"
"This is a easy simple way to start any react projects or playgrounds. Just follow the README.md and enjoy"
"A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class."
""
"HomePage For My Portfolio And Work."
"Java SpringMVC frontend application for frontend-shortURL."
"Code for an tutorial to hide or show an HTML5 element, such as <div>, <span>, <iframe>, and more"
""
""
""
"A collection of tools for internationalizing Python applications"
"Node/JS/Socket - A Fan Project (to be used as a compliment to the Spyfall game, but not endorsed by Alexandr Ushan or the publisher Hobby World)"
" Basejump: File Metadata Microservice"
""
"Api to app android"
"Built using HTML5/CSS3/JQuery"
""
""
""
"up"
"A simple Rails Repository pattern implementation"
"A simple site to manage hearthstone decks and search for cards"
""
"A sample project to accompany a blog series"
""
"An application for tracking the movements of your mouse on the screen to see how much you eventually have covered."
"Clymate is a weather app that displays the current weather as well as the UV index for any given location in a beautiful interface."
""
"Small applet for rotating the screen on Unity Desktop"
"Yu Research Group Website"
"Create data frames based on iGraph graphs"
""
"A simple command-line counterstring generator in ruby."
"Website for the software shokunin community"
"Diff the database state with pre-generated fixtures, for testing."
""
""
""
"diammond seeking game"
""
"Sources for Docker images"
""
"Very simple web scrape example for first week of ""Thing a Week"""
"just trying out"
"my ruby gem that finds video game review scores scraped from metacritic.com"
" xmonad.hs, custom modules, xmobar config, etc. "
"hello world, nerd!"
"A cli-based deployment tool for Proxmox"
"Common utilities."
"A simple and effective README.md template for all your github projects."
"A pokemon game made in javascript."
"Arduino-compatible controller for Aprilaire humidifier"
""
"Testing, one, two three"
"Fun typing for kids!"
""
"Particle Photon microcontroller code for sensing and publishing moisture and temperature data with an analog moisture sensor and a DS18B20 temperature sensor."
""
""
"Example NodeJS Web Server from Udemy"
"Support files for creating videos for Catholic Video Bible on youtube"
""
"Examples for NukedBit Mvvm"
""
"Charts for isomaniac"
""
""
"Website for Vo Uu Buddhist Meditation Association"
""
""
"Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme"
"Simple Bitcoin Payable Black-Scholes Calculator"
""
"UI, UX design and Front-end development of an internal web application"
"collection of clang plugins"
"Radio/Audio2Text2Twitter"
"Kerbal Space Program Status and Control Panel"
"Dashboard - admin panels of eventrib application"
"Ansible Playbooks for packaging software and uploading to my packagecloud.io tools repo"
"Operating System Projects MS-2011-12"
"The user interface"
"This is a data repository containing historical share tables which cover trading in all main board Australian Stock Exchange stocks."
"Interface for global keyboard shortcuts on X11 in D applications."
"A simple javascript router written in pure javascript and prototypes"
"An example React application (with test)"
""
"this plugin will allow you to put bad users in this custom jail. They can never leave until admin permission to unlock them!!"
"An example of using the Embeddable Search Engine to index and search PDFs"
"This gamemode starts out like Secret Teams where no teams are colored but when someone gets a kill however their color is shown on tab you would have to find out teams by people getting kills."
""
"Gives text a typewritter effect."
"A simple interactive text-based assistant to demonstrate common API uses."
"Provides functions to calculate the Spectral Goodness of Fit (SGOF) of a network model to an observed network"
"Bet Among Friends"
"digitize table top games"
"Only A Test"
""
"Full Hearts Implementation"
""
""
"Extensive and automated EDA statistics/visualizations for one variable"
""
"Like a diary, but simpler."
""
"PyVyM - A simple Python Virtual Machine"
"Some code to resolve my homeworks of the MongoDB course "
"Personal Blog of a Tech Lover"
""
"VLC service discovery of C3VOC event streams"
""
"Eorzea Safari is a lightweight hunt tracking overlay for Final Fantasy XIV. It provides data on open elite marks in an easy-to-read display which overlays the game window."
""
""
""
"A responsive web app made for mobile devices"
""
"cinch plugin allowing play-by-IRC of Coup Rebellion G54"
"ks"
"Various notes regarding AllJoyn development"
"Just some fun particle systems!"
"This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project."
""
"A repository created following the tutorial: https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/"
""
""
"getting data from Wikipedia and Weather API using Sinatra and Unirest"
"C++"
""
"Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component"
"Oven control software for lab."
""
"Python Working"
""
""
""
"Adds you as a selfie to photos you share"
"A Social Media Aggregator build in .Net"
"Code that demonstrates C# concepts"
""
""
""
"The Classic Snake Game!"
"Union of arrays of objects, sorted by property"
""
""
""
"PDF File Fixing Tool"
"A repository used to hold the files I've put together for updating firmware of a Neato XV Rev 113/Cruz board"
""
""
""
"Eclipse projects to create the update-site and the generated output"
"a boosting-based Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) package that includes MIL-Boost and MCIL-Boost"
"Example of project for AdminLib"
"Wintersmith project template with riotJS and bourbon/bitters/neat"
"My dotfiles"
"local_manifest.xml for onyx"
"Generic skeleton for turn-based games written using Cinch"
""
"Instrumented JDBC Interceptor Driver"
"...is a complete rewrite of NavigationView (from Design Support library) that enables - usage of Checkboxes, Switches & Badges as menu items - XML definition - Parcelable menus - collapsible/expandable menu-groups - multiple menus - custom styling."
""
"Angular gulp tasks registry"
""
":symbols: Tables of common periodic signals"
"Device driver for serving sushi"
"First repository"
""
"Configure Cisco Network Equipment"
""
""
"Inserts a string into a table."
"websocket helpers for rails, http://maxpleaner.github.io/socket_helpers"
"let's try this again"
""
"Markdown editor of Tumblr for MacOS X. "
""
""
"movies exercise"
"setup file for Ubuntu system"
"Transport for London meets Emacs Orgmode"
""
"this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive"
""
"Random scripts for things"
""
"Polymer Elements specifically designed for easing implementation and replicating uniform functionality for both web and nativeweb applications."
""
"Simulation results for ""Assessing Time-Varying Causal Effect Moderation in Mobile Health"""
"Securely upload temporary files on your server"
"A script to execute commands when something is changed."
"Website for my Relatives project."
"Collection of Powershell Code - most in development"
""
""
"ZXing for NativeScript"
""
"Zomcure website template"
"Jekyll-converted portfolio website"
"model for prediction challenge at http://numer.ai"
"From Youtube: CodeWithChris ""How To Make An iPhone App - Multiple Views, MapKit, Subclassing"""
"Contacts management app"
"I'm creating an overhead 2D Adventure game as a learning process"
"The source environment for my HHVM vagrant box on Atlas"
"HacketyHack Sugar activity"
"hello"
"Deneme Repository"
"I've created this repository to experiment with Git -- no useful content is included in this repository."
""
""
""
"General image recognition using tensorflow neural nets"
"Final Project for UC Berkeley iOS Development Class"
"Simple scripts used with a pywikibot_core interface to do simple tasks"
"Front end app for riders / fans to interact with, whether registering for races, viewing results etc"
"Dash Button / SmartThings "
"Create, compile and run tasks across a cluster with minimal setup."
"Ridiculously simple public transportation navigation"
""
""
""
""
"gis + sanscript (English meets RISC)"
""
"Solution to the Santa Claus problem suggested by John Trono.  "
""
""
"I am terrible at puzzles and terrible at code. But together, I am strangely engaged"
"nothing to see here"
""
"LCD and keypad BV4242 slave"
""
""
"An Android version of the popular card game Innovation."
""
"just another repository"
"Redirect images url from http to relative path"
"Sample plugin"
"Solutions to common C# interview questions."
""
"An engine that keeps track of concurrent edits on a file"
""
"Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015"
"A two-dimensional esoteric programming language inspired by J"
""
"TicTacToe for iPhone"
""
"This is a C version of the SCF code found in Appendix B of Modern Quantum Chemistry, An Introduction to Electronic Structure Theory by A. Szabo and N. Ostlund. I have included a built executable ""scf_basic_version_1_0"" and an output file called ""out"" whic"
""
""
"Landing page for Role."
""
""
""
""
"A Sweave / LaTeX template for Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting papers"
"My first repository on GitHub "
"A blog where I explore installing linux on a 512MB G4 mac mini."
""
"demo project for git"
"my vimrc file "
"A set of shell scripts and systemd units to co-ordinate periodic taking of photos and transferring them to a web server. All raspberry pi-s."
"my first git-hub hello-world"
""
""
""
""
"my new personal website for 2016"
"As a hockey fan programer, I am going to download huge amount images with the image's name(often its the name of nhl plaer) saved automatic to specific directory."
""
"Interviews of the Designers of Los Angeles"
""
"lorem ipsum generator DB"
""
""
"Ansible scripts for cPanel Deployment"
""
""
""
"Exercises and examples from gobyexample.com"
"A 21:9 compatable TF2 HUD"
""
"My page"
""
"Python Program that will convert a (just about) any CSV file to a QIF file"
"the MPI version of Simulation"
"Brick breaker clone written in Javascript. Uses pixi.js and Tink libraries. #breakout #game"
""
""
"new project site"
""
"Yet another react components pack"
"A respository for learning git."
""
":watch: Read news abstracts on your Pebble, more feeds coming soon."
"Load and expose environment variables in hapi"
""
""
"A Java applet that renders tiles in chunks with zoom and window movement functionality"
"minimal example for babel-plugin-webpack-loaders"
"wip"
"Example of multi threading to accomplish a task.  In this case each single thread is responsible for computing one portion of the resulting matrice. "
"A ruby linked list implementation"
"Proof of Concept App for Performing Service Announcement with Puma"
"i made a website i'm a CS now!! "
"Second version of my personal portfolio site"
""
""
""
"A directory I use to keep the code I write for doing http://www.adventofcode.com's 25 days of code exercises."
"Mesh simplification algorithm with quadric error metrics"
"site wordpress"
"a CMDB for me"
"Group Rails project - travel community app"
"Simple Pebble watchface to display battery percentage, hours, minutes, seconds, day of the week, month, and calendar date."
"Hypothetical Digital Business website based around an Augmented Reality software company focused on developing software solutions for the manufacturing industry."
"Simple lock-based leader ""election"" system daemon written in Go, using DynamoDB"
""
"test for flask python etc"
"FreeCAD-0.16-pre PKGBUILD with patch for archlinux"
"/etc/www/"
"test"
""
""
""
"This repository contains all the programs I have created in Java and C using Data Structures"
"Predict who liked your Tinder profile"
"Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io"
"Adventures with docker 2"
"Maybe caine and I will make something of this one day"
""
"Platform for first hand accounts."
"scraper project, in watir"
"sky's blog"
"Website"
"A Naive Document Similarity Calculator in Racket"
"Tiny peg list"
""
"Flexible CommonMark converter"
"Exercises from ""The Go Programming Language"""
"Management Menu"
"First project in GitHub"
"An Arduino library for creating simple sequences."
"For learning and other random things."
""
"A generic plugin system that might wrap around eb"
"This series will be to practice creating HTML web pages incorporating CSS"
"Syntax and snippets for the CraftOS 2.0 user interface, Silica"
""
"A Rails plugin to have your Typeform available in seconds."
""
""
""
""
"A simple script to keep the Ninux MapServer updated even if your local area is disconnected from the rest of the WCN"
""
""
"Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation."
"Just for practice"
""
"An expression training App that helps users mimic their own expressions."
""
""
"This is how I like to organize my express apps (with passport auth and sessions) "
"The first Try"
""
"Runtime tools for gulp; this is not for plugins."
"BehrendAppTest"
"The classic asteroids game, implemented in Elm 0.16"
""
"(prime group jq 01) jQuery assignment, building a fruit market. (Worked with John, Sam, and Ashley)"
"A Postgres query and utility library for Node "
""
""
""
""
"lista.xml"
""
"Examples for using JohnnyFive to program GPIO of single board computers."
"My first repository on GitHub."
"My DBC phase 0 github page site"
"open source"
"common operations needed"
"Build a system that manages employee information."
""
"from egghead.io"
""
"A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift"
"Fork feed"
""
"Dotfiles to be managed by stow."
"test"
"A todo list using Java servlet as a web application"
""
"Personal Website"
""
"programming problems/contests code"
""
"A dict-like object supports recursive merge operation for python"
"for scut hn web htmls..."
""
"System path updator for Windows"
"Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage"
"hello world"
""
""
"Manage database schema versions."
""
"The W3C Geometry Interfaces implemented in JavaScript and polyfilled."
"It is created for the purpose of testing. Reference to the OpenCV 3.0 is added. "
"EasyPHP Website"
"encrypts a phrase by shifting each letter alphabetically by a specific amount"
" an XS module with nothing but translateObj"
"Record your life with this modern blog app"
"Website for F2Pictures"
""
""
"Java ILP is a simplified java interface to (mixed) integer linear programming solvers like, e.g., lp_solve, Glpk, SAT4J (0-1 ILP), CPLEX, or Mosek."
""
""
"Draws a skybox into a 3D scene."
""
"Ionic mobile app to follow NFL leagues and teams"
"This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School."
"randomadventure is a really badly coded Python script, that will pick a random episode of Adventure Time and open the episode for streaming, using a popular streaming/file indexing website."
""
"Second version of the SAFE Network's Potential Apps Website"
"Store Javascript objects in Postgres as JSON"
"this is for the no-regrets mp3 processing"
""
"Errata from Introduction to Real Analysis by DePree and Swartz"
""
"chess clock"
""
"python module to to interact with the Pi-LITEr 8-LED Raspberry Pi shield"
"LvL 99 Lua scripts backup."
"Udacity Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree P1"
""
"skills"
"Trace package for go"
"My attempt at creating a procedurally generated rogue-like"
""
""
""
"Initial commit"
"Buycraft package automation."
""
"I love the world."
"initial"
"NYPL Account Management Command Line Utility"
"framework"
""
""
"A small collection of methods to perform math operations on colors"
"An app that allows Traditional Catholic owned businesses to connect with Traditional Catholic customers"
"Base Station control of Digi nodes using python"
""
"IRC Bot written in Python 3 with circuits"
"An ERP"
"Web SDK for the survey / poll "
""
"Helpin"
"The psychologist's data toolbox 2.0"
""
""
""
""
"this is my first repository"
"Programs found in ""Playing C#"" book"
""
"Public repository for http://hdblogger1.blogspot.com/"
"Code from my CS162 Class "
""
""
""
"things I don't want to forget"
"Alien Invasion Game from PythonCrashCourse"
""
"Learning android studio and git"
""
""
""
"First app we built for iOS course on Udemy"
"Rails 4 in Action project"
""
"x10 CM11 driver written in golang."
""
"Firmware for Polly, a Bitcoin hardware wallet"
"BoW model toolkit implemented by python"
"A simple chat room application using socket"
""
"Swift code projects for Code Path"
"Autonomous Domestic Robotics hardware, firmware, and software"
"A simple chrome extension to log the time spent on each webpage."
""
""
"Personal Anchor-cms theme"
""
""
""
"random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro"
""
"IBM Contest"
"Various scripts and games to use with a Twitch mIRC bot.  The games are designed to work in conjunction with AnkhBot and AnkhBot's point system."
"copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel"
"dingjing website repository"
"junior site"
""
""
""
""
"Final year UG project"
""
"rancher-agent for RancherOS + SpotInst.com with a #cloud-config user data."
""
"my blog on github"
""
"lor"
"Matrix Framework for Apple's Swift"
"Enjoy these free addons"
"Part of The Odin Project. The ""Building Blocks Project"" in the ""Basic Ruby"" section of ""Ruby Programming.""  "
""
"Scheme-to-x86-64 Compiler with Garbage Collection"
"OkHttp and Retrofit"
""
""
""
""
"Android nutrition app that generates food equivalencies."
""
"Initial Publish of current status"
"For my E-Commerce Web Development Projects"
"returns link created for adding to front page"
"For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models."
"This is a test repo"
""
"MagBooks repository"
"Image Test"
""
"Tool to make display overrides files for OS X custom retina mode"
""
"A todo app in Angular"
"Goes through each row of all child csvs in the a directory and removes ones that match a regex."
""
"Scrapes a random set of asset links from opengameart.org."
""
"LTSV Formatter for Monolog"
""
"Personal Website"
"a sqlite3/mysql/postgres wrapper for c++11."
""
"Android app for collaborative listening on Spotify"
"SAMPL1 Database used for Benchmarking Hydration free energy calculations"
"performs multiple sorts: bubble, heap, insertion, merge, quick (3 different forms), selection, shell"
""
"Native Elements are Polymer components designed for replicating common native GUI functions for nativeweb applications"
"My Personal Homepage"
""
"dice rolling library"
"c++11 variadic template string formating library"
"Learning Unity"
""
"pilot project"
"sample angular app"
""
"copying a webpage for the odin project."
"An Webpack Startet Kit with some of the new technologies (Webpack, Webpack dev server, Babel, ES2015, PostCSS)"
""
"A clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird, using libGDX framework."
""
""
"Generates a slogan based off your input"
""
""
"Tabulate article counts on pubmed from constructed queries"
"nothing to description :)))))))))"
"Text editor in assembly language"
"Put away-er"
"Control basics in 2D, simple physics, simple opponent AI"
"Multipart resume site"
"Using neural network training on labeled genome sequences to predict whether a subsequence encodes a gene or not"
"Marriage plugin for bukkit"
"Provides a mean to introduce individuals to java 8, though making a Person rest service"
"This android app is to remind good things which you have done in your life.Later your mind will be happy after reading those good things which you have done."
"Final GBA project for CS 2261. A tough Super Meatboy like platformer that also adds dimension shifting to the mix."
""
"Toolkit and REST API for reading/writing a ledger-cli journal"
""
""
"Fanfics by Vadimosha"
""
"A school notice board type thing."
"Searchable database of style guides"
"Home Automation for Highland Ave."
"Python program that plays Boggle"
"Scrapes images from a site and displays them. Ultimately intended for raspberry pi."
"Basic web server for Nicco's temperature gauge project."
"network c++11 library"
"Use ffprobe to get info from media files and return as JSON"
"My first repository"
"Instantiating nested objects to make an animated fractal in real time"
""
"Runs a set of tests against an API defined in apidoc to ensure consistency"
"My experiments with Twilio's Voice, Client, SMS and Connect APIs."
""
"Built on top of CMake, this project includes tests for the compilation environment to check feature support, as well as an exercise folder for each exercise."
""
""
"following the git hub demo on udemy"
""
"Small Javascript checkers game"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/pidgin-omegle"
""
""
"Haskell Ray Tracer"
""
""
""
"Fixes ToS for Steam.  Script submitted by user dam on Steam"
"This repository is for created for learning Python. "
"test for the book"
"Captcha for Android"
"Project team it102"
"Tutorial using system time and real time 3D object manipulation"
"A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release."
"Emphasize comments in Visual Studio"
""
"Adds interface options for interacting with the V8 developer tools."
""
"Checks for extensions that can be upgraded when VS Code starts"
"The sample app from the Ruby on Rails Tutorial"
""
""
"Messing around with forms in html"
"Walk yourself through various frameworks to make better business tools"
"URL Shortener - tp4.me"
""
""
"a c++11 utility library"
"test"
"The Viterbi algorithm with backtrack to find the maximum likelihood estimator of the parameters in hidden Markov model"
""
""
"Android micro-library that makes the development process easier"
"ContentProvider sample"
""
"A configurable framework for building a geographic ""data dashboard"" from a GeoJSON file."
""
"Source for http://cs.brown.edu/~ksinghal"
"Widget for the OCTranspo android application. Consumes OCTranspo web API"
""
"Just another repository"
"my blog"
""
""
""
""
"my 1st repository!"
"Portfolio Site"
"FPMobile"
""
"SunisUtil"
"Python tricks and tweaks presentation files"
"BHS dictionary codes"
"Object notation in pure Kotlin!"
"Version control of my code as I work through Accelerated C++, a book by Koenig and Moo."
"ExtraHealth plugin for Minecraft servers"
"This program takes in an array of stock prices, one for each hypothetical day and returns a pair of days representing the best day to buy and the best day to sell. Days start at 0."
""
"scan"
""
"A python 2, openCV project that analyzes how busy a location is through image or video analysis"
"Test repository"
"My super simple app to test out on jenkins"
""
""
""
""
" Repository to keep track of solved programming problems"
"Northwestern Predictive Analytics"
""
""
""
"Easily serialize  and unserialize objects between json."
"new couchcms pages"
""
"My Website"
""
""
"To be used with the mobile quiz library"
"practice repository"
"Struts-Spring-Hibernate"
"Projects Homepage"
"Logging function to facilitate debug in a Cordova webview (aka Intel XDK) app."
"Pi"
"A simple 3D face alignment and warping demo."
"This is a repository to store sample packer and vagrant build scrpts"
""
"Very easy to use image loader for swift"
""
""
"CLI utility to post files and command output to slack "
"my own dotfiles "
""
"Yeoman generator for an isomorphic JavaScript library."
"added to hub"
"Plugin that controls the importing of content onto the david.vg site"
""
"A simple demo repository"
"We will learn and write our code and collaborate with one another."
"Dragoon Server Manager"
""
"MusicBrainz Web Service version2 client library for Perl5"
""
"A C++ conversion and quality overhaul of some android tools used with RockChip image files."
"Liferay FMS Portal Classic Theme"
"Basic app to show and launch the apps I will create as part of my Udacity Nanodegree."
""
"A very basic example of how smart pointers prevent memory leaks for educational/introductory purposes."
""
""
"An AngularJS app that solves Sudokus for you."
""
"Panthakan Boonsuriyatham's Project"
""
""
"Extracts NSLocalizedString "
"Example Rails app for socket_helpers gem. Running at http://socket_helpers_example.herokuapp.com"
""
"A personal website."
"Mapping the structure of subreddits via sidebar recommendations"
"NoSettles Inc."
"OpenGL 4.3 Engine written entirely in portable C"
""
"Hybrid Mobile App using Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova + Kendo UI"
"Processing Library"
""
"my dotfiles"
"A list of recipes to testing your React code"
"a program for selecting attractive/serious portraits from a personal photo collection"
"Raspberry Pi Python projects"
"Horizontal and vertical scrollbars designed for the canvases - specifically, the tkinter library of Python 3.5. However, if the tkinter specific commands were changed it could easily be used for other canvas based objects as the theory behind the GUI is t"
"Simulates the managing of resources"
""
"A simple, readable, vim theme, with suggestions for rolling your own."
"Atomic CSS framework"
"Be Colorful GitHub Pages"
""
"This is my blog"
"""Fork me on GitHub"" CSS ribbon Assets for Yii Framework 2."
"just another repository"
""
"leetcode repo"
""
""
"webdev projects, exercises, and miscellaneous memes"
""
"developer console chat room"
""
""
"Clone of Ahmia search engine"
"initial commit"
""
""
"Coding Dojo assignment II"
"C# classes for generating SemanticUI elements"
"Self destructing to do list app"
"Mean stack to register account using SMS messaging service(Twilio)"
""
""
"thinMatrix openGL game tutorial"
""
""
""
"Parse data and output voting ratios"
"First Release"
"Simple way to chart json data!"
""
"Script that generates the boilerplate for a new jeykll post"
"Learning React.js"
"And dotfiles."
"A basic start for tdd training"
"A cross platform electron based app that will handle launching the game client and dealing with the servers for other tasks like matchmaking"
"Trying out NSUserDefaults in Swift - simple examples"
"Main Repository for Coding Ground"
""
"A class selection system for students at Cal Poly Pomona."
"Personal Blog"
""
"learning python"
""
"Core Java Concepts"
"code turorial for meteor"
"Homework Project"
""
""
"node password manager"
"In-memory cache to retrieve and set values based promise resolution."
"github pages repo"
"for python machine learning code"
"First exile repack!"
"Michael Hartl Tutorial"
""
""
""
"Package for strace"
"Simple tree methods"
"A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java."
"Photobooth app made using polymer library"
"Dokka plug-in for Kobalt"
"Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages."
"Dig yourself a little web project with preconfigured build and test processes."
""
""
"Miscellaneous personal and academic projects. Multiple languages."
"This assignment is designed to demonstrate your understanding of VB multiple forms"
""
"reworked googlecal - minimum req'd"
"5 unbalanced audio input switching via I2C, with 2 high voltage relays. "
""
"Implementation of a basic Java Chat using Java IO."
""
""
"Website for arrayfire repositories"
"Daily creative code exercises."
""
"A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat"
"Physical switch to turn USB keyboard (or anything) on or off (WIP)"
""
"Unofficial tool for IO-DATA HVL-A2.0"
""
"Just a demo on how to use Spring Boot to reverse engineer a MYSQL database"
"wtffff"
"Smart Classroom app for teacher"
"local-nginx docker container with everything built locally"
"A collection of widgets and gadgets for helping with Thaumcraft 4"
"thinking around your job offer at a tech company"
""
"Fast IP2Location lookups in Go using the ""ACL"" datafeed"
""
""
"Rails Project"
""
"Test repo"
"Algorithm work"
"repo for my course"
"2016-1-2, token will expire 120 months, fetch-youbike-to-firebase"
""
""
"personal .dotfiles and scripts"
"Contributing guidelines for all @duyetdev project."
"This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School."
"Automated email send functionality through the Gmail API"
"Android Studio Game Development by j DiMarzio"
""
"Test / Learn React Redux trying to implement a game."
"All organising materials for Macquarie University's Digital Humanitites unit. Unit FOAR705."
""
""
"A website for William & Mary's Meatless Mondays Pledge. "
""
"Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment ( c++ )"
""
"A preliminary playground to test EAGLE xml to KiCAD conversion for the brain-duino circuits"
"A MTG Life Total application for Android."
"Sample crud operations in rails"
"@webcaetano Phaser Boilerplate"
"Example code to demonstrate how the TV listings grid was constructed for the Roku What's On Channel."
"A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr."
""
"Tim Mart 1.0 - Web version "
"another thing"
""
"My own personal landing page"
""
"Example using Chef to Setup a Website"
"Fight on!"
"yep"
""
"hello world"
"Markdown to PDF conversion server on node.js, POST *.md, retrieve *.pdf result"
""
"The compiler for the extended PL0 grammer."
"A regular expression (RexExp) stream tokenizer."
""
""
"Simple Delphi IDE Tool to convert list of fields to properties via clipboard"
""
""
"Java Badge Project"
"A sample app to get started with angular"
"Connect IQ Heart Rate Percentage Data Field"
""
""
"Command Line Tool for Previewing a File"
""
"Six and Two"
"testagain"
""
"DIV,CSS,JavaScript"
""
""
""
""
"gcda/gcno/branch block/gcc"
""
"A basic geometry package written in Go"
"Services for the tagmyclip website"
""
""
""
"Loopback Admin Component"
""
""
""
""
"My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API."
"MPU6050 Servo interface"
""
"Portfolio website."
""
"Log when you work during the day."
"A Haskell API to google Sheets "
"bell labs hackathon"
"practice for push"
"A python program that implements the Blackjack poker game."
""
"Simulates Demand Paging"
"Rust implementation of GNU shred"
""
"A simple motion recorder in python"
"find files using helm, but not using helm-find-file"
"First time working in github"
"This repo will contain information on the process of doing data science; it is primarily gauged at people new to data science."
""
""
""
""
"Windows one line commands that make life easier, shortcuts and command line fu."
"A work in proggress of a repo that allows you to share code and store it in a very user friendly place."
""
"Testing"
""
""
"Command Line Prayer Times for Ireland"
""
"profile and dot files for linux"
"The first level of the Math Game leveraging the proof engine and adding the Front End"
""
""
"displays ip"
"marginal tax rate calculator"
"A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)"
"Implements a complete binary heap data structure in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language)"
""
"App to estimate ASCVD risk"
"This is a simple todo application, but the new features will be added to the application in time. It's built by Laravel framework"
"My personal blog"
"Twitter bot for collecting tweets about Oscars hosted on AWS lambda"
""
"Implements Kruskal's algorithm for finding the Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) of a graph in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language). The graph API is also contained in this file."
""
"my-local-emacs-dir"
":gem: Server Side for Shards Rocks"
""
"Trying a Stanford course out. http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs106a/index.html"
"Testing"
""
"Web page for exploring the complete graph on 64 vertices.  This graph has 2016 edges.  Happy New Year"
"MEAN web-app API for retro games"
"Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database"
"A short, simple python script to initiate a scan of the North Korean internet."
"Patch to available Dash Cheat Sheets"
"emacs settings for C, C++, html, node.js, ..."
""
"pushbullet cli"
""
"Ansible role for configuring HAProxy as a simple proxy"
"101 Programming Foundations at LaunchSchool.com"
""
"sicp practices"
"An Android Mobile app produced to work with the MEMI bracelet"
"Test"
":shell: Script to configure SSN wifi proxy settings in ubuntu"
""
"tony's blog"
"The Odin Project"
""
"A turn-based strategy game spanning multiple generations."
""
"Dash docsets for Apache hive"
"Code Completion to CodeIgniter in PhpStorm IDE"
"Open Source DLP/SLA Host control and slicing application, inspired by projectlayer, using Slic3r for slicing."
"Parses an XML document and returns a graph of nodes."
""
"Weight based calculator for Poslaju courier (Malaysia)"
"Override Python dict contents with YAML file and/or environment variables"
""
"Potentially makes the process of sending your friends a Happy New Years email faster"
"NetManMac for Kali & Pentoo"
"Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com"
"Playing with F#"
""
"Implements a UnionFind data structure in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language)"
"It a simple expense manager application contain income, expense, and bank transaction using polymorphic association "
"Some thoughts about dream "
"FizzBuzz solution in Python"
"A C# GUI of node-steam-chat-bot, a simplified interface for a Steam chat bot"
"For Angela"
"New Resolutions Need to be tracked"
""
"A simple nodejs REST service to expose realtime space weather data."
"Swift to JS Transpiler"
"Bluetooth Chat"
"test"
""
"Return a clean list from a comma separated values string"
""
"A Good Walk Spoiled"
"A easy way to do a not easy thing"
"A cli-wrapper for Media Player Classic: Home Cinema's remote web interface using Python"
"TensorFlow scripts for evaluating generalization capacity"
"Remote-control for a Thunder Tiger Victoria sailboat"
"mnkartik personal blogging website"
"linux binaries of zonation built using docker and travis"
""
"Tetris in Javascript, because I was bored."
"A simple and easy demonstration for using PHP with MySQL over localhost. This project ReportCard Tool performs the insertion, Deletion, Updation, Searching over MySQL database with help of interface provided by html and PHP.  "
"My codewars kata solutions"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Project of Alura Spring MVC course"
"Everbook!"
"A face detection API from an IP Camera"
"Text compression and decompression using huffman algorithm."
""
""
"blogging framework to fight chickenshit minimalism"
""
""
""
"Client kick/ban tool for Modern Warfare 2"
""
"A free, portable subset of the C standard library"
""
"ChatWithMe! is a real-time chat application where users can create and join public and private chat rooms to start conversations."
"Archive of sound experiments"
""
"Random snippets of HTML (et al) for very little, if any, reason"
"A sample application that reads, creates, updates and deletes entries from a Microsoft Access Database using OleDB on VB.NET."
""
"This is my research area for api terms of service"
""
"Groovy API for Discord."
"For those who need cold hard cash in Sponge."
"Carbon Footprint Estimator"
"Application Theme"
"PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers ever.."
"Accomplish in 2016"
"Python 3D step to 2D gcode converter"
"Vagrant_rails_setup using modified vagrantfile and cheffile."
"simple application for sending info requests"
"2016 Ecar"
"Encode font files as CSS @font-face rules using Gulp."
""
"the project is to learn basic skills  with Udacity"
"test website"
""
""
"A VM for people who want to collate, analyze and visualize the data from their experiments!"
"udacity nanodegree project 4"
"Leetcode Solutions"
"Payment Gateways"
"andriod app help muslims to know prayers time and  qibla direaction"
"One-liners for use with Rackspace Private Cloud"
"Adding Esperanto diacritics to all the OSes (eventually) "
"Huttcross app!"
"This is my test project"
""
""
"Barebones Symfony3 framework - a micro framework which can grow into a full framework"
""
"example shows how to deploy gradle app on heroku"
"Hack Clash 2016 Team NWM"
"my first reposotery"
"simple module loading"
""
"List of cars app"
"Netease SmartSpec Course JavaWeb Engineer"
"Google Homepage Clone"
"My first web app"
"Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller"
""
""
""
""
"My personal work on Project Euler problems."
""
"Repo for a swift project I'm experimenting with"
""
""
""
""
"event carpool management app"
""
""
"Secondary student management system"
"Just another repository"
"Examples of different table methods and there usage"
""
""
"Have you uploaded any sensitive data to your Box account, credit card numbers, social security numbers, phone numbers?? Well Lets Find out!!"
""
"Java Projects"
""
"Personal messenger Bot to notify you in group chats when you're mentioned"
"practice code everyday"
"TECHSOEX  PROJECT X"
""
"JSON test data generator, node.js server accepting JSON Schema with annotations conforming to json-schema-faker, and returns JSON sample data."
"How to create custom replication agents in AEM using Akamai as an example."
"Bootstrap web site for NQI"
"just for test"
"myfiles"
""
"Demo App made for National Bank of Egypt (NBE) to reserve a ticket before going to it's branch"
"POJ Algorithm Review"
""
"Emulate In-memory storage like database"
"To Do List example in Swift language"
"Granblue Fantasy Item Magic"
""
""
""
"budget better... kick mint.com to the curb"
""
""
""
"Read, The Game"
"An unofficial ecobee3 pebble app"
"Sample module for adding custom category attribute to Magento 2"
""
""
""
"source code for my personal blog"
"Better bandits with noncompliance, via instrumental variables"
""
"Examples for flask "
""
""
"fsnd-p2: tournament database"
""
"ruby on rails tutorial"
"Simple Compiler for made-up language Haslite"
"terrible fork of DanMcInerney/wifijammer"
""
""
"Command line management for RAW camera files"
"Telstra SMS API"
"Simple Authoritative Server Examples for Unity"
"Hackathon project"
""
""
"Arksoft Web Image convert Library for ppn"
""
"@Cozee"
""
""
"Miley is the free, milestone driven, multi-project manager for ambitious people"
""
"A Nukkit plugin which adds some useful commands in game like '/sethome'"
"Open Sourced Tweaks"
""
"Docker containers for projects"
""
"Perl6 binding for Notmuchmail"
"repo that contains C projects that I've worked on"
"Plugin for IntelliJ that helps you do pair programming."
"URL Shortener build for Free Code Camp"
"desc"
""
"Dummy Project for Testing Purpose"
"test django"
"Testing git working"
"Test-Driven Development, from the very beginning, with Python (Django app)"
"Book reader that stores history and can plan"
"Simple follow-along repo for a udacity.com course on git"
"Shivani test repo"
""
"Actor Push notification server - replacement for Google Cloud Messaging"
""
""
"A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift"
"GitChecker is an open source tool which aggregates statistics about Github projects"
""
"Using PHP to generate a social network web application; MySQL was used in the back-end."
"Seok-Lyong Lee's Page"
""
"French Bull Dog Website"
"Jive Tile functionality implemented using ActiveRecord"
"A trial during my ios course "
"basic AngularJS seed app for use with AT&T Drive UI Kit"
""
"Learning Go Web Development - Examples and Datasets"
"Consutant"
"3D VR room editor and projector"
""
"Articles module for the ACP REST API server."
"Simple Neopixel rainbow pattern for the ATtiny85"
""
""
"A small project to rewrite a series of exercises written in Arduino C to ansi C for the AVR"
""
"bgpd.pl-0.06 - A Linux BGP daemon"
"A cart application in Angular"
"NeoScrypt OpenCL GPU Miner"
"A Web Terminal"
"Dota2 cfg config"
"Repository for my dev environment dotfiles"
"A python3 package that implements delauney triangulation."
""
""
"GuyBolg"
"A c# winforms project that downloads and saves a given webpage, and the webpages which are linked from it upto a specified depth."
"new start"
"Just some random work done by me"
"Moonfire NVR, a security camera network video recorder"
""
""
""
""
"learning ruby koans"
"A collection of my Project Euler solutions"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Binary Search Tree JavaScript Implementation"
""
""
"Udacity Machine Learning NanoDegree Projects"
""
""
"Java program to read and manage program constants."
""
""
"Dockerfiles for Rubinius on various platforms."
"basic settings"
"LLVM learning."
"personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015"
"this is the project for testing"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Simplified pascal compiler written in scala"
""
""
"second"
"Test for DJI"
""
""
""
""
"Emulator for driving AdaFruit LED Matrix"
""
"lot of small independant projects"
""
""
"Test clojure project"
"Whats your Favorite Place?"
"Rails 4 in Action: ticketee application"
"A simple podcast system made with Rails."
"[Test Github again]"
""
""
"My DBC Phase 0 github pages site!"
"simple minesweeper in Python"
""
""
"An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor"
"like: `Either<Option<T>,Error>>`, the type of data in finite streams, amongst other things"
""
"sketchpad using js and jQuery"
"build framework iOS "
"TESTING OAUTH2 IN NODE.JS"
""
"testDemo"
"import data from excel or csv and calculate using statistic function"
""
""
"mobile app develooped in HackClash"
""
"Chrome Webstore link"
"Demo app rendering react on the server"
"A platform for Dota 2 betting and tracking team informations."
"A CCNet trigger plugin created to respond to Github's web hooks."
""
"My first project on Github"
"A tool for generating dxf files for laser cut cases (Arduino, RaspPi, etc...)"
"first rails app for udemy course"
"Ionic Stock Market Mobile APp"
"My files for the course ""Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS"" on Coursera."
"Plusdeal API Sample Code"
"First Push"
""
""
"Script Files"
""
""
"First Repository"
""
"Read more with librarian"
""
""
"Google Breakpad fork for Unvanquished with jon.turney's MinGW support patches."
"Experiments in Elixir"
"For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long..."
"User account management"
""
""
"A Computer Craft OS"
""
""
"Packages I use for slackware 14.1 x86_64"
"Uses Java to visualize how a number becomes 1 using the laws of the conjecture."
""
""
""
"study vuejs from http://cn.vuejs.org/"
"SimElements is a Python-based package for dynamic/continuous and discrete event simulation"
""
""
"Plugin for unicode character entry in Sublime Text, targeted at LuaTeX."
"Solutions for LeetCode algorithm problems"
""
""
"Javascript version of Conway's game of life"
"Normal the rasppi setting and config "
"Egen Assignment 1"
"GCModeller Virtual Cell System"
"Boilerplate for ReactJS and Webpack"
"Notifies when a friend is in-game"
"Server & client software for Firewall Cafe"
"music store written with angular2 and jspm"
"Code of the paper ""Learning Super Shared Middle-level Image Representation for Scene Classification"""
""
""
"UNIX-like OS written in go"
""
"notes management for android"
"My first rep on github! Yay :)"
""
""
""
""
""
"Login and session management boilerplate for express"
""
"A Google App Script to read the movie year and title from Google Spreadsheet and fetch the metadata for the media through the OMDB API"
""
""
"sdokuMaker"
"odoo best"
""
"Web development with careerfoundry"
"This is my first repository"
"tuiguang"
"Personal website template"
""
""
"Python version of String Parser"
"Neural networks for solving image captchas"
""
"using python to create lmdb format input for mnist"
""
""
"Sails.js Realtime MVC Framework for Node.js"
""
"Source code for ""Unsupervised Lexicon Discovery from Acoustic Input "", Lee et al, 2015 TACL"
""
"My quick solutions with Erlang for Advent of Code 2015"
""
"Pandemic game engine"
"Android Automation Project"
"Poverty Reduction Module"
"learning Python"
""
""
"Intel 8080 emulator in C#.  Fully functional with a working Space Invaders arcade."
"Play Mafia Game on PocketMine Server!"
""
""
""
"Mobile code lock"
""
"github pages"
"Clearly the most useful Slack bot ever created!"
"The beginning of an era called..."
"http://practicingprogramming.com/"
"Download online articles as EPUBs (with Readability)"
"GUI Python application to help with the Adventuring Time achievement in Minecraft."
"Programs made for the Minecraft mod ComputerCraft."
"demo"
"Uses Java to visualize how a number becomes 1 using the laws of the conjecture."
""
"Joomla Framework Testing"
""
"Portfolio site"
"Connect your things to a social network."
"https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid"
""
"FSE prerequisite"
"My Record Database application"
"React Native GridView"
""
"Code every day "
""
"hello world test program"
"This is my first repository."
"Getting to learn git "
""
"hare u can get all the project file of php tutorials series in hindi"
""
"me"
"this is a git test repository"
"Download Samples from wild just by providing md5 hash"
""
""
""
"the second"
""
""
""
"A simples notification filter for Androis systems."
"This is the repository for C# learning project"
""
"Collection of fractal generation algorithms"
""
"Remote Modbus IO controller with STM32F030"
"my second repositry"
""
""
""
"Some pieces of my project"
""
"Is there any open source project to do? call me!"
"vue.js gulp webpack demo"
""
""
""
""
""
"A lightweight transmission torrent client docker image."
"DNS records for my TinyDNS/DJBDNS nameservers"
""
"python"
""
"My Personal Website"
"The algorithm for a given sequences will search for the best conformation or will go for minimum Energy conformation and it will visually show or draw the best conformation found in each generations along with the computed fitness value."
""
""
""
"Very basic encryption program written in java."
""
"A cars counter for Hatena blog access log."
""
"A typescript clone of the brauhaus.js brewing library"
":octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!"
"Game created for a 48 hour game jam with friends in June of 2015"
"Automatically download songs posted to /r/listentothis"
"test code of customer register and staff list, ect by phpand Mysql"
"Parse react source file and generate html or markdown table"
"Write Mongo queries using normal Ruby syntax."
"home update"
"Play with webpack."
"For se"
""
"request hooks for requests."
"small operating"
"C++ Custom RTTI Class"
""
""
"my first GITHUB Web Application"
"A simple Android calculator"
"Sample repo for workshop purpose"
""
"understanding egghead videos and self learn redux concepts"
"repo for all of my code"
"Iron worker for web service"
"EASI Programming Language Source Code"
"Java game. Created to practice project development, OOP principles, etc"
"SWIFT Repository"
""
""
""
""
"currency made by everyone"
""
"My portfolio page v2"
""
"Machine Learning Model for predicting Credit Card Delinquencies"
"Using NodeJS and Express, I can make asynchronous requests to an API to determine the average number of students who attended class today (25 or older)"
"Just another repository"
"Very simple C# 6.0 console application to merge all MP3 files within a directory into a MP3 file with the same name."
"Example of web server node.js"
"A simple but ultra fast wordpress cache plugin."
"An app that runs jmeter scripts programatically created for demonstration purpose. "
"A web application for modern services for all kind for ex- plumber,electrician,carpenter etc. "
"Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally."
"A simple todo list application working via command line interface"
"Framgia's R&D Project for Code Contest"
"My solutions for problems I've completed on http://codewars.com"
""
"Education Projects"
"test"
""
"2D Space Shooter"
"First test proj"
"A small, opinionated framework built on Webmachine and Reel."
"php simple login without database"
"A web application to provide a way for users who wants to send invites for precious occasions to there dearest ones. "
"Interactive Game"
""
"Template Extensions"
"Modified ghost default theme."
"this respositroy contails sources file"
""
"trade_scrips"
"Dr. Israr Ahmed Video Portal - EAD Term Project"
""
"Code from books"
"private blog"
"Mac OS Installation Helper is a tool to that can help you install Mac OS to any supported laptops."
"Small useful scripts to not lose them"
""
""
"Practical Example for Vulnerable Web Application"
""
"gt's repository for student-made tests and course notes"
"Some documentation for modding Duck Game."
"material reddit clone"
""
"gooSDK"
"YARD plugin for Dizby"
""
"A Seneca price report microservice"
""
"S imple application for experimenting with std::future and std::async."
""
""
"Just another repository"
"Test how to use Handler and AsyncTask"
"http://www.mbsoftworks.sk/index.php?page=tutorials&series=1"
"The code looks through a number of Facebook groups, gets posts advertising free books on Amazon, and then creates an Excel spreadsheet containing the posts' author, date, and text."
"A test application for a 2D modular character creator subsystem for 2D games!"
""
""
"This is a simple library that allows you to decorate functions with a string, and execute that function if the string is spoken."
"Kaggle competition CIFAR-10 - Object Recognition in Images (https://www.kaggle.com/c/cifar-10)"
"Process, socket utilities in Go. It provides features in ps, ss, netstat."
"A simple and static hashtable library in c"
"Scan a CSV file and output a Postgres Schema"
""
""
"Swift tutorial by Amit Vaidya"
"Environment configuration tools"
"kwartzlab member mug generator"
""
"Chrome browser extension to read out incoming slack messages"
"Various scripts for solving problems in 2D and 3D CG and some other stuff"
"OpenSuSE-Nagios-4.x"
""
"manifests"
"A fairy generic SOAP Service and Client with a handlers used for the authentication process (on both sides). Avoid using a database to keep it simple."
"type some words"
""
""
"Amazon Wish List Scraper - Alerts users when price of items in their wish list changes."
"Minimal perfect hashing in Go"
"a simply python keylogger"
""
"Basic J2EE project with Spirng, Struts and Hibernate."
""
"Yii Code"
"Machine-digestible malware indicators."
""
""
"Used mostly for tutorials and testing ideas"
"Get repository URLs for one or more packages."
""
"a three.js tutorial"
"First github repository"
""
"Near real time or real time Big Data analysis"
"New Repo"
""
"hello,start"
""
""
"Split screen cowboy game. For assignment"
"fonts to use with athena based projects"
"mago-talk is scalable chatting application with MAGONIA-Logo on tetsusat/Raspaas"
"Smart Garage application"
"Contains example code for the edX Advanced XAML course"
""
""
"Cool Weather Application"
"Just another repository"
""
""
"Cross platform process VM SDK with dynamic grammar scripting and libraries for BitInteger, BigFloat, SHA3, AES256, PublicKey, BTree, Networking, Threads, and Compression."
""
""
"angular concepts"
"angular app that uses webpack"
"Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component."
"Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)"
"Prolog code and tests to explore attributed variables behaving as TermSources/TermSinks (as defined in Kernel and Bin-Prolog)"
"Will run all test files (minitest) in a test folder if run from directory root"
"Simple utility to convert TTF fonts into uGUI bitmap fonts."
""
""
""
"Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby"
"Training task"
"Meteor package of UIkit front-end framework"
""
""
"jQuery Responsive Drag & Drop Bucket Filtering"
""
"Bitcoin elasticsearch data harvesting tool for Bitfinex "
"Swift library for building AI social networks"
"pyalgo contains a collection of useful algorithms written in python."
""
""
""
"test"
"Arthritis symptoms a person's head low for a bit afterwards because a man.  Arthritis diet, but it can potentially hire someone who did care.  Treatment for arthritis like a ship manned by barrel cutthroat buccaneers.  http://primearthritis.xyz selected a"
"LINQ-like functions in JavaScript"
""
""
""
"Source folder"
""
""
"Minimal Spanning Tree with Sollin Algorithm"
""
""
"Lections on functional analysis"
"Css utility framework"
"some 8bit emulators: Apple1, Commodore PET"
""
"UIkit components built with React (Meteor package)"
""
""
"Yep"
"Programs and Related Files"
""
""
"Portfolio"
"Sefitalia website"
"System Security Exercises"
""
""
""
"Convert polar coordinates into the cartesian coordinates."
"Simple workflow for encoding speedruns with ffmpeg for YouTube"
""
""
""
"Web application for writers, including the ability to share files for review."
"iOs9 Swift 2 - Learning "
"My dotfiles"
""
"Just generate the organization's logo in SVG format"
"flask-udemy"
"Log Combiner & Processor project in perl for VOIP client log processing  "
"Solution to hackerrank programming questions -> PHP"
"PHP library for working with BillPlz API"
"header only csv writing interface for iterator, range and various arguments"
"a sleek login screen using html and css"
"""repository for Algorithm"""
"CRE's Vim Configuration Files"
""
""
"repo containing my test about web tech"
"A basic site layout with the Susy engine"
""
""
"Remove ad-breaks from TV recordings"
"welcome"
"the backend-api using mongolab"
"a Angular2 Startup app"
"Just another repository"
""
"Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development"
""
""
""
"Activity_On_Edge Network"
""
"A repository that contains Minecraft PE's ModPE Scripts, Addons, and more"
""
""
""
""
"Make new repos through git!"
"Win the Clue board game every time with this logical reasoning deducer. Written in Ruby.  "
""
"Simple Node.js application with Redis as data store to demonstate docker hosting with sloppy.io"
""
""
""
""
"this repository is a java solution for projecteuler.net problems"
"establish app to path map"
""
"A simple form validation using Angula.JS"
"Simple voting app created as part of FreeCodeCamp course."
"Simple swing project enabling adding drivers and cars to database."
"this is my first depoistory"
"reindent code, whilst preserving git blame"
"Grid for material design"
"Vagrant Lamp stack for project work"
""
""
"Installer for the open fpga toolset for Lattice processors. This tool has been created so that it can be translated to any languages."
"Source code for Tuts+ Course"
"Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor"
""
""
"mySensors"
""
"A responsive resume"
""
""
"learning the basics of npm"
""
"R code"
"learn git"
"Turing Module 1, enumerable exercises"
"For Self Leaning"
""
"Airbitz CSV export to Quickbooks QBO/OFX file import format"
""
"Fork of 1pass (1Password-compatible password management tool) by Ryan C. Gordon"
"this gives the training for android developers"
""
"Spectrum Sensing Dashboard"
"iOS UIToolbar that works both horizontally and vertically"
"Fantasy hero manager."
""
"test git"
""
""
"fyp project"
""
"This is my first program in github"
""
""
"tutorial"
""
"pluggable irc bot in python"
"blog"
"In this repository have only html and css files for login, sign up and a Chating Form.."
"Markdown editor with live previewer built in React.js (react-markdown, babel ES6 to react components, webpacker, eslint)"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Demo of using threadpools to improve performance on Android"
""
""
"Tugas Besar"
"code for game, codeCombat."
"Dockerfile to create a light sabnzbd image"
"This repository contains codes/documentations to allow using your laptop as an oscilloscope."
"Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)"
""
"Micro Fail2Ban"
"Github Tutorial "
"A Plex Media Server docker image."
""
""
"practice"
""
"Simplified view module"
""
""
"Final assignment for Cousera ""Responsive Website Basics: Code with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript"" class"
"my daughter's website"
""
""
"Boardgame Elasund on golang"
"TODO Viewer."
""
""
"my first repository on github"
"project 1 for android nanodegree program "
"Config files for sfo1.kida.io"
""
""
""
""
"Nyaa personal site."
"Collection of cmd scripts to install deployment tools on an Azure website"
"A sample flask blog"
"Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack"
"Detect new flash player version"
""
"Library to create UI elements for Browser based games"
""
"Free Code Camp's Timestamp API Basejump."
"Simple terminal-based OS simulator"
""
""
""
"This Python module abstracts the GPIO expander MCP23S17 for usage on the Raspberry Pi."
"Interface IP"
"summary and ppt for the book Learning Agile"
"Simple paxos implementation in go "
""
""
""
"ReactJS with Gulp + BrowserSync"
"GitHub test"
"this is a template generator that can manage inheritance of necessary redundancy in your code/document/anyotherText"
""
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/openfabmap"
""
""
"students project"
"Locates all files in directory hierarchy that match some criteria"
"My portfolio I created for Treehouse's web design track."
""
""
"what is new in Bootstrap $"
""
""
""
"Redactor plugin for adding todo items"
"A snapshot of lingtalfi's universe's php classes"
""
"MLND P2: Building a Student Intervention System"
"InsomniaX - Keep your Mac awake the easy way"
"PKU IPGW Client for Linux"
""
"REST API for scraped J! Archive data (Jeopardy categories & clues) (node.js)"
"EMCA: yet another ACME client"
"Unattended setup for MediaWiki"
""
""
"iOS apps and Android apps, BlackBerry apps with similar functionality."
""
"My test projects of frameworks written in Java language."
"App made by learning Michael Hartl's Rails Tutorial."
""
""
""
""
"q13213e"
"Nothing"
""
"cdnjs/cdnjs main repository analytics"
""
"A Telegram bot that uses Markov chains to learn to speak from a chat."
""
"Source code comments"
"System made to play the game Street fighter II from the SNES based in a Neural Network Machine Learning"
"Various Information in Minibuffer Prompt"
"exam demo project."
""
""
""
"Generate makefiles for projects with subfolders"
"Python project using LastFM and Spotify APIs that allows user to create Spotify playlist with their LastFM loved tracks."
"Codes in Using Databases with Python, Coursera"
"Website screenshot capturer written in Go."
""
"Dotfiles"
""
""
"Sample Spring Programs"
""
"prjects of our labs in Buaa University"
"iOS Attributor"
""
"opencart develop"
"my blog"
"source code for the website"
"This is an API Evangelist research site for realtime services."
""
""
"InterviewQuesSolutions"
""
"A frontend to modify the input/output of console and libtcod roguelikes."
"OpenGL Experiment showing the first 20 generations of the 'Dragon Curve' math fractal."
"off-canvas-menu"
"My first repository on GitHub"
""
""
""
"Cryptographic Service Provider Tool For Powershell"
""
""
"Element that creates a stylizable native window's title bar."
"Instant Messaging Application"
"uicollectionview, uistack, & parsing exercise "
"Converts from the NZ Bridge Scorer XML results format to USEBIO 1.1"
""
"nodeTerm is a terminal for communication with hardware connected to serial ports based on nw.js & node-serialport"
""
"A demo of authenticating to websites."
"Just Uporoted Production"
""
""
"less than realtime game library for the web"
""
"Simple Console Rogue-Like for personal interest"
""
""
"The solution for an assignment in course - ""Timekla tehnologijas 2"""
"A simple logging utility for Node.js"
"Experiments using SDL bindings in Go."
"A repo for testing webhooks"
"Polymer element enabling motion detection on video stream with possibility to add detection areas."
""
"Manage Todo tasks"
"Expose matplotlib figures over http"
"Content Aggregator"
"Simple and easy way to deal with CoordinatorLayout Behavior"
"A RESTful API + websockets framework for managing containers over a set of Docker Nodes. "
""
"my blog"
""
"Some GPU tests on textures"
"Notebook for 19 January PyData Singapore Meetup"
""
""
"Beginning Level Team Treehouse Android Course App."
"no problem"
""
"My Authentication project"
""
"FreeCodeCamp Basejumps API projects"
"It's my own home automation project's repository"
"use for creating message board "
""
""
"Chat application using pusher .. "
""
"Beginnings of library to convert between Hue, Chroma, Luma and RGB. "
""
"This is a 2D platformer game"
""
"Convert images to ascii"
"This is from Head forst"
"Weblog with personal ramblings of Dolf Andringa, and ecologist, web developer and scientist. The website runs on Jekyll at github pages."
""
"imsg IPC library from OpenBSD"
""
""
""
"a tool to analyze, check and test DHCP services"
""
"CB-Geo C++ Programming Guidelines"
""
"mobile programming"
"This is my blog of hexo's version"
""
"hosted material"
""
""
"The tool framework for managing databases. It will be coded by python."
""
"Erlang Firebird client library."
"Codes for my tests about Kaggle ""Digit Recognizer"" https://www.kaggle.com/c/digit-recognizer"
"A multifunction Discord bot"
"pipsi-tool is set of helpers for pipsi."
"Predicting Dropout of a student in MOOC with the help of several algorithmic implementations in R"
""
""
"Basic"
""
""
"Frontend only movies list app"
"kploy application registry service"
"dev"
"web site project repository"
""
""
""
""
""
"Migrator from tistory to jekyll."
"Groovy Script"
""
""
""
""
"the microservice architecture framework"
"maya batch render script"
"just for fun, ""double color balls"" lottery game prediction. use perl fast ANN library."
""
""
"Fabien Loudet's Personal Website"
""
""
"365 days of generative art. [Processing]"
""
"Duplex stream Wrapper on top of node-mysql"
"Repository of Coding Katas at http://codekata.com/"
""
""
""
"Github mirror of ""mediawiki/extensions/SpellingDictionary"" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)"
""
"create restfullapi (Web service)"
"Transform and inject resources into HTML template."
""
""
"C# Style Guide"
"For atom editor, changing cursor color when you pressed key."
"Golang client for Alibaba diamond config manage system."
"Pave a path in a Javascript object"
""
"Simple app to utilise pebble watch as camera remote"
""
"test"
""
""
""
""
"Unity3d package: N Framework: Camera"
"Selections from the Bach Cello Suites arranged for ukulele by Thomas Preece - Lilypond sources"
""
"learn git"
""
"website at karlludwigsen.com"
"My second attempt at a tower defense game"
"list of project to do."
"use ssh connection"
""
""
""
""
""
"Web development stack with apache, mysql, php"
""
"Uses python-requests to connect with GetPocket (http://www.getpocket.com) to retrieve information"
"chiroro-net viet"
""
"Let's Compose React Containers"
"Mini version of url shortening service"
""
"learning ksh"
""
"Companion for my blog post on flask-login ""Login with flask-login for beginner"""
"Visualizing Laboratory Data (statistical analysis, official regulations, standards for laboratory)"
"A C# implementation of Twitter's text processing library"
"This is the project site for API monetization"
""
"My solutions for LeetCode problems"
"Traffic Lighter Source Code for Wokshop Addon"
"Instantly Encodes/Decodes in and out from base64 as you type."
"My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning"
""
""
""
"A framework for handling objects memory-efficiently through serialization."
"Webpack loader to handle browserify transforms as intended."
"Marionette + requirejs + handlebars"
"my web projects"
""
""
""
""
"Its a kind of toolkit to track the exception arising in the application and it will generate a json and can upload in your server using your own post url."
""
""
""
""
""
"Count the number of times direction button is clicked"
""
""
""
""
"To use in the course for learning Android"
""
"A simple unlit_transparent shader for Substance Designer 5"
"Plot wireless sensor's weather data using RTL-433 and plot.ly"
"Test projects"
"SAKURA Cloud API client for Go"
""
"Class to automatically include files"
"Mariadb docker image with some customizable variables."
"ios objective-c code snippets and plugin for Xcode"
"The simple but versatile Text Reader for UWP"
"hello"
"Test of the github pages"
"DropZon Upload of excel file with node mock server accepting the dropzone file"
""
""
"make home and car using openGL"
"Animate your components on state change"
""
"SkyWarp in PE server"
"Python web tool for analyzing transaction histories"
"My first blog"
"A virtual playground to start projects."
""
"My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning"
"A command line tool that simplifies Openstack HEAT templates authoring and processing"
""
"Generates Mazes using Algorithm from Data Structures"
"A simple repository"
""
""
"Digital scholarly edition of medieval and early modern accounts"
""
"gh pages..."
"Some less examples"
"Dash docset for expect.js"
""
""
"Business software for small craft producers"
"Basic library book reservation system."
""
"A Simple Row and Column Grouped HTML Table Generating Library"
""
"workstation for my sourcecode"
"Website to buy products VIA internet"
""
"Some things about learning Chrome Extensions."
""
""
""
""
"GitHub MdHck-47"
"spring-security-with-boot-example"
""
"creating repository"
"St.Anthony's Catholic Church of Shenzhen Web Demo"
"Syntax Highlighting support for Environment (.env) Files"
""
"Secirity"
""
""
"Simple, flexible rich text rendering/editing on HTML Canvas. Converted to TypeScript."
""
"Zuora SOAP API"
"sandbox for beginners"
""
"raw assignment"
"Compiler introduced fouble-fetch experiement."
""
""
""
"world door"
"Projects webspace"
"Node source for Train and Touch Screen Controller"
""
"A customizable dashboard for tasks!"
"MyBlog"
"NativeScript .NET Runtime"
""
"A jekyll template made to serve content in JSON format. Administered your content with Github or prose.io and deploy your JSON API to Github pages. "
""
"zhe's blog"
"Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK"
"Audio Stream with Vitamio 5.0.0"
""
""
"This is the project site for API evangelism."
"A Pascal program to display the time in binary."
"A better way to watch mvp highlights"
""
""
"studies and research"
"A custom extension to the Mocha BDD UI to support RxJs5 marble tests"
""
""
""
"Simple example for socket.io library"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Using OpenCV 2411 and RxJava implement a rectangle detection Android App"
""
""
"'Up, up and away' remake from commodore 64"
""
"For practicing HTML, CSS, JS, and the like."
"Tic Tac Toe for Android"
"Rapidly develop your API client - based on rapidash"
""
"A hidden field for Advanced Custom Fields"
"SharePoint Document Library Preview documents in viewform and editform"
""
""
"Simple Angular Table Directive"
"Config2 library"
""
"Minimal webpack, es2015, scss, mocha with HMR"
"No real purpose, just for fun"
""
"A free framework for Unity that will help drastically increase the development speed and feature set of your games."
"Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)"
"PuntoCyberNet"
"Simple parser for HakerNews site"
"Code for bradleysobie.com"
"this is just for test"
"VEI dictionary codes"
""
""
"the first project i post online"
""
"MapReduce examples on USASpending.gov Contracts files (csv)."
""
"Simple TR64 UPnP: A simple way to talk to your UPnP and/or TR64 protocol devices"
"Yeoman AngularJS 1.x Webpack Generator"
"Simple Android application, where you can capture a photo and then it displays in ImageView."
""
""
"Imagechart extension for Qlik Sense"
""
""
"an opinionated coding guidelines for Fortran poor people"
"Site to manage Cloud Lamps"
""
"/r/mk Keyboard Logo"
"Install R packages from GitHub repositories"
""
"ansible-center "
"codementor drafts"
"Easily Create Simple Gui Screens (Currently using tkinter)"
""
""
""
"Flarum Brazilian Portuguese language pack (pt-BR)"
"fb album pics downloader"
"Ansible role for installing RabbitMQ"
""
"A NodeJs module that handles window management for Electron (Atom Shell, previously)."
"Rename movie names with IMDB scores appended"
""
"I implemented the game breakout using C++ and the X window library"
"The Mean CRM as a demo app"
""
""
"UIVisualEffects Objective-c implementation"
"Customisations to MonkeyX build system."
"Upgrade my old CookBook"
"Creates tags of MP3 files according to filename."
"Various utility functions utilized by atom-haskell packages"
"Udacity Android Developer Project 1+2 (Popular Movies)"
"Liboren Chen's BLOG"
"Early projects for Storytime Interactive."
"Reduces overhead in creating issues."
""
"add test.txt"
""
""
"Firmware for a Midi Keyboard I built using my 3D Printer and a Teensy 3.2"
"Hello-World Repo 1"
""
"A simple PHP project that was done back in 2011 to display weather information of a provided place."
""
"Nanodegree Project 3 - Foot Ball score"
"Node server - frontend framework to create velbus interfaces"
"Simple 2D shooter"
"Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications."
""
""
""
""
"CoffeeBru Hybrid Smartphone App"
"My Recipes "
"Nodejs framework for DMX  controllers"
""
"Simple movies collector"
"A timer to keep track of time worked"
""
"The data upload tool for SwitchON, based on the JQuery File Upload and the Flask File Upload tool."
""
"Minesweeper Using .Net and AngularJS"
"anti-fraud for mobile money using data science"
"Database app to collect cut settings for my x-carve"
"Planning save all my IoT samples here."
"For the deepstream / Amazon Web Services Simple Notification Service Tutorial"
""
"Height from Photometric Ratio with Model-based Light Source Selection"
"SoX - Sound eXchange, the Swiss Army knife of sound processing programs."
"Simple website for Digital Marketing agency, used only CSS3 and HTML5."
""
""
"Projet BD"
"TOSTR() macro for c++"
"Multiple Choice App in Android"
"Yet another NMS"
""
""
"github pages"
"Simple socket.io application"
""
"API Examples"
"A TypeScript library for Knockout that calls a method while an element is on screen"
"Remote repo to help me test out my Github skills"
"A Command Line Utility made in Python that downloads subtitles for a Video File using its Hash and then opens VLC Media Player with the Subtitle Loaded."
""
""
"Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS from HK University"
"Sample applications for my blog"
"Simple Laravel blogging package."
"Implement a sparse matrix in SQL."
"Advisor: Free Lead-Generating Landing Page"
""
"Pinned brew versions, for reproducible environment"
"Calvin and Hobbes inspired pebble watchface"
""
"This is application for listening the tcp server and get messege from the that server"
""
""
""
""
""
"Sample 4"
"A Sample of GitHub used for storing Student work"
"Student_list"
""
"Developing PHP MVC webapp"
"Common date functions needed in stats bots"
"IBInspectable_IBDesignable_Demo is a Sample code use IBInspectable and IBDesignable on Objective-C "
""
""
"Personal Website V2"
""
"go web spider"
""
""
"BarCode and QrCode demo using ZBar"
"Wordpress  plugin. tally sheet to save daily work"
""
"A package with Frederik Hjorth's personal R code "
"Toggl Timeline Viewer"
"Universal CMS to use with any web"
""
"NODE Acl is for authentication and authorization of internal users and to provide and manage permissions"
""
""
""
"Direct Manipulation Project implemented in java"
"Android Repository"
"Go IRC Statistics Generator"
"Product manager repository"
"This tool will help you to generate a Config.ttc file with your own connection stuff."
"qq1872835971"
""
"Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI."
""
"Windows 10 Control Panel for AWS IoT Button and LIFX bulb."
"A blog-building tutorial from ""The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"""
"A slightly more advanced hello world on kubernetes. The goal is to show how you can set up a eventstore cluster with kubernetes."
"MEAN"
"A login service for Kakao."
"This is a new seas project app created during Ruby on Rails course"
"Simple WebService mock using Jetty and Apache CXF"
"FastCGI server that rejects Tor clients"
"A small utility for adjusting the resolution and framerate in AKIBA'S TRIP."
""
"My first repository on Github."
"Maps MIDI controllers to virtual joysticks"
"Donkey Kong  terminal game  written in python "
"ilk"
"My local configurations for extending thoughtbot/dotfiles."
"A Facebook word cloud game "
"R package for creating and simulating curtailed tests"
"Where we make them critters and stuff "
"enilu's english blog"
""
"dsiggis-gentoo-overlay"
""
"Zheng's blog created by Hexo"
"testfile"
"Personal collection of adblock filters"
"This minimal Arduino based clock was created to replace our faulty bedroom clock until we purchase a new one :P"
"Run code from a markdown file, print output to stdout."
"A simple Resume Template"
"sale"
"Openframeworks app for algorithm testing"
"Decide what is shown and to whom in the admin menu"
"Here I will commit c++ coding practice things"
""
""
"Toby's javascript git implementation."
"This is a skeleton of Angular2 application with some basic features, approaches, etc."
""
"a small d3 based weather visualization of a gone year"
""
""
"Edit role names and choose which profile fields that should be entered on registration"
"Given a chordal graph, this package provides functions to update the graph ensuring its chordality."
"Spock test for Quartz"
"Various configuration files"
"Dockerfile of Debian NGINX (1.9.9)."
"the first repository"
"Cleaning of HTML code from debris"
"Php is a web programming language diversity and never expires we are currently planning a new onlineStore source and completely free"
""
""
""
"Self-adaptation for configuration files with BiGUL"
"Flask-powered responsive version of the web site for Curves+."
"A crud wrapper for PDO"
"Add column on login screen with custom information"
"Gem for interacting with MAX RM Data Extraction API."
""
"Per-page reminder bubble for current Git branch (for Laravel)"
""
"Example of conversion of bundled iconfont SVG <font-face> <glyph>s to separate SVG <path>s."
"Compare R Vs Python via a simple data analysis"
""
""
"Contains a map of Dhaka with bus stops, route number/names, and bus names with distinct colors as label.A route planner to show buses available on a stop, a bus covering number of stops, shortest path to destination"
"Server for storing touch data received from Android devices with touchlogger installed on"
"My personal vim setup"
""
"classic battleship game for browsers"
"Run this then shittypack to get a cleaner GTFS feed from PTV"
""
"NEW SIMPSONS"
"AngularJS 2 quickstart"
"loftscholl homework"
""
""
""
""
""
"Python application to take images from Raspberry Pi camera(s) at configurable intervals - ideal for time-lapse photography"
""
""
"Eloquent Java Script Exercises"
"find random restaurants to eat around you"
"my website"
"I implemented Jotto game in java using MVC design pattern"
"Google clound messaging with Chrome - Notification demo"
""
"Denial of service using ARP"
"Complete source for http://www.raywenderlich.com/74106/mvvm-tutorial-with-reactivecocoa-part-1"
"Sample App with Spring Rest and AngularJS"
""
""
""
""
"Playing around with the php "
"Zombie Master source mod ported to Garrys Mod glua"
"A NLP module that reads local files (.txt) from a folder or webpages (.html) from a bookmark file and displays the 20 most popular words, indicating the interests and e-hobbies of the user."
"common javascript functions"
"A new start"
"React Sample Apps"
""
""
""
"Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314."
""
""
""
""
""
"Some kind of depedency injection in python. But with await/async, because I can."
""
"Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the ""Statistical Analysis of Network Data"" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)"
"Calculator in JavaScript"
"PowerShell Scripts"
""
"xlf (Xibo Layout Format) parser - JNI"
"Pyed is the abbreviation of Python Event Driver. It offers user a rapid development for a event system using tcpserver, timer etcd"
""
""
"CSES Website"
"Trying to learn some basic Python"
""
"A koa middleware works as development server for webpack."
"Simple App using Flux Architecture and React (ES5)"
""
""
"PocketMine Plugin (Combat Logger)"
"Simple java program to illustrate Monty Hall problem"
"Tools for automate tasks on machines with only ssh"
""
""
"Glyphs.app plugin for comparing a glyph to its Italic counterpart."
"Aqua Theme for Bludit"
"HelloWorld"
""
""
"Plugin for the Bludit Aqua Theme"
"Sparx Codility Test"
"Sammelsorium of code used in various projects"
"Forge Elements are custom elements for use with development and debugging web and nativeweb applications."
""
"Remove diacritics, accent from string"
""
""
""
"reading and processing file system trees in sbt console"
"choomantarr is a private project"
"Light-control app!"
""
""
""
"Simple C projects "
"API for mobile application"
""
"A small utility to add battery status and git status in zsh prompt"
"User Timeline Chart using D3"
"JerseyTest"
""
""
""
"Child project of Cyclops"
"portfolio"
"TF2 HUD"
""
"learning c#"
"My arduino stuff"
"the  tutorial to learn mysql"
""
""
""
""
"Community-maintained Hypixel API client in the go language."
"a solution to code-chef problem of max profit earned from a quiz"
"Android Application for TotoCafe "
""
""
"CategoLJ3 REST API with ProtocolBuffers"
""
""
""
""
"My Resume"
"Data and code for a meta-analysis on the diurnal variation of circulating interleukin-6 (IL-6) in humans"
"Sum of two number. And some experiments on them."
""
""
"first app "
"advance ruby projects"
""
""
"A general-purpose scene editor for the Panda3D open-source game engine"
""
"Reverse Engineer JavaCode to UMLClass Diagram"
"A simple event system for Minecraft Client"
""
""
"A slackbot that manages the governance of an organisation"
"sweapcleargirl"
""
"A simple initial cookbook for testing chef functionalities"
"sample"
"Web App that generates mRemoteNG config from APS Developer Portal sandbox dump"
""
"prototype development framework for domain driven design"
""
"A perlin for Java, include several types random generator."
"My current vim config"
"It contains all the example based on each lessons."
"Editable HTML Tables"
"My own Repo for very strange and chujowy projects"
""
""
"Original attempt at parsing Wiktionary"
"movie converter script for your ipad based on ffmpeg"
"A library useful to implement BAAS (Backend As A Service) in Java (strongly based on Spring)"
""
"Designs for a 3D rpinted replacement of Aluminium extrusion frames on Reprap 3d printers "
"Infrastructure for Building Custom Components for Apache Solr"
"PHP framework  "
""
""
"Rainmeter skin to display League of Legends service status."
"Several mini-projects for the Machine Learning course at ENSAE ParisTech"
""
"A Nominet-compatible EPP client written in C."
"A simple grid"
"Web Server Log Manager is a software developed with on demand Reporting is to maintain the network traffic details in a log file,which derives indicators about who, when and how a web server is visited."
"Ansible roles to create VPC,EC2,ELB etc"
"RideSafePk is Android app like uber with WCF web service in visual studio 2013"
"User & Admin session in PHP"
"ICE.GS new theme."
"Create an index of (geojson) layers, which can be used in the stand-alone client."
""
""
"A generated polymer library with the vaadin api-generator https://github.com/vaadin/gwt-api-generator"
""
"Tailf your haproxy logs in to statsd"
""
"My arduino's projects"
""
""
""
"stream audio from youtube to raspberry pi"
""
"Flat-file content management build with and for the Yii2 framework."
"a iOS style switch control."
""
"fooling around with zombies"
""
"WCF WebService for RideSafePK"
"C# Desktop application to manage expenses"
"type.js - a wysiwyg editing framework"
"SideMenu in Swift with autolayout"
"NPM package to get news articles based on certain keywords and save them as GeoJson-features."
"a exercise of ftp server and client program"
"Removes unwanted packages on Ubuntu - very simple role. "
"C programming"
"Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115600/solving-adventcode-day-6-puzzle-toggling-lights-in-a-grid"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/cosmicbeat"
"A new repo for a slack signin microsite."
""
".files for vim, zsh, tmux and git"
""
""
""
"1st Time"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/cuda-convnet"
"A simple windows script for python that allows for grouping together of programs to all be opened with a simple click or two"
"Some of the information from Bible."
"My own shell theme, crafted with :heart:"
""
""
""
"Append to a Tumblr post from the command line."
"some algorithms for solving math problems in https://projecteuler.net/"
""
""
""
"first repository"
"This repository contains all the assignments and test code of AngularJS."
"This Projects Implements Material Design Navigation Drawer and Toolbar. Add classes to your Project and Enjoy !"
"An iFrame Discord Widget that displays online users on a site."
"Experimenting with Apache NiFi for ingesting large streams of IoT data"
"A python script that downloads manga for you in jpeg form"
"first commit"
"Storm topology to stream tweets and to store both in HDFS and Hive"
"export peewee model definitions to ODS spreadsheet"
"Rotating circle spinner for web apps - TinyOwl"
"Flatten a set of possibly self-intersecting polygons, yielding a set of non-intersecting polygons"
"this is first meteor applications .It is a simple To do App"
""
""
""
""
"A chess clock created at the Innovation Camp at CG"
"RadioString WebRadio of Nea Smirni NSTv"
"A simple Java program that calculates Pi using the Monte Carlo method"
""
"This is a Python software that tries to read and work data from a SAP SQL Database extraction"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"LilyPond transcription of Final Fantasy's ""To Zanarkand"""
""
""
"Basic algorithms written in C#."
"My first repository on GitHub."
""
""
"a twitch bot"
"Back-up to your Stack storage"
""
"Clojure library for interacting with Veritrans payment gateway."
"Simple website to show Ethereum Genesis Block Hash"
""
""
"Function, Currying, PartialFunction, Composition"
""
""
"Translation module for meteor astronomy"
"IrAnBoT"
"Opinionated loadbalancer and API gateway"
""
"This is the second angular application based on sports store delivery"
"Author Badge for sidebars"
"This is hello-world"
"my bookmarklets"
""
"i am learning python"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"download javascript generated html"
"tagged template string virtual dom builder"
""
"Rust Kata"
""
"Small script that allows you to download movies from the ard mediathek based on the video url"
"nothing at all"
"Smart grocery list manager in Kotlin for Android"
""
""
"My First Project"
"blog"
"This is clone of the Tinder app with basic functionality, using Parse and Facebook SDK."
""
""
"A twitter clone with beer"
""
"webGL gaming engine"
"Simple program to play Blackjack"
"a simple tool to make native JavaScript object iterable, e.g. used in for...of"
"demo for angular js"
"test quiz"
"Nginx proxy with basic auth capabilities"
""
"Coursework"
"Don't be shy.Have a try"
""
"A Java application for finding Polydivisble numbers"
"Z-Wave and Thread Gateway for guhIO using the Raspberry PI Compute Module "
"demo for angular js"
"Advanced string formatting for the CLI"
""
"System of students"
""
""
""
"Drag, drop and connect elements on web and Android"
"Learning Visual Studio Code "
"tryout mojoio before integrating it with your workflow."
"Proxy specific path to another server (like images folder). Made in GO (golang)"
""
""
""
""
"vk Document app, help read, look, change document in your android phone"
"Rails application - practice: adding pages, routes, and bootstrap."
"just for fun repo"
""
"My personal blog"
""
"Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser"
"Some of my sample code for Spark"
"detect if new JRE for windows is available"
"Haxe/hxcpp @:native bindings for LuaJIT."
"JSON Web Tokens implementation for .NET (including CoreCLR)"
""
""
"Raspbian docker images"
"Weather service es6 from openweathermap.org source"
"news_list"
""
"Build scripts for Chromium Snapdragon (customized a bit)"
""
"Helps detect features"
""
"Image filtering with pure CSS."
"MVP4G2 Examples"
""
""
""
"Call for papers. If you want to apply for golangbelgrade meetup"
"Structured Data Markup Class for SEO"
"MOOC certificates"
""
"Python Pipe extensions for Machine Learning"
""
""
"Wordpress Theme for BD Guide"
"A small PHP program to send SMS messages to a GOIP GSM Gateway using a simple restful API"
""
""
""
"my ipython notebooks"
"A simple Java app to keep all places you visit I made when I started to learn to code for Android and I have refactored with Eclipse refactoring tools."
"rawgit button extension for firefox"
"An example of counting change code in Scala."
"Play steam games inside a docker container."
"A website for an artist(my mom) to display and manage her art."
""
"My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera"
"My practice  "
"for my practice"
"just test"
""
"Cloud orchestration project"
""
""
"Projects done in order to learn HTML&CSS"
""
""
"A few sample bots and scrapers. "
""
""
"just the demo code with the 32C3 logo"
""
""
"Implementation of Particle Swarm optimisation Algorithm in C language"
""
"I learn CS2020 from 2/1/2016"
"A tool to help find the best product by comparing features, price etc..."
"dotfiles"
""
"A simple CMS for study purpose only"
"demo for chat"
"Basic web server with PHP functionality"
"Shared methods for the nodemailer stack"
"Java-API which helps programmers to create Kafka Consumer and Kafka producer and Integrate with their apps easily"
""
""
"Node.js compatible module loader for runtime.js"
"Docker Nginx Test."
"StoneHearth"
"Github-Repo for my personal website"
"A simple node app to start a web server to serve HTTP files"
"Contains whole scripts which has been made by me"
""
""
""
"Yet another implementation of sidebar menu, but here your menu appears over the top view controller."
"A Super Mario project developed in C for the university TUHH in Germany"
"A companion for the LeanStacks YouTube channel playlist entitled Angular Fundamentals."
"Chip-8 emulator"
"Making the Demo from Video ""Mastering Git"" PACKT"
""
""
"Student in amsom"
""
""
""
""
"Website to auto generate Amazon affiliate links with your tag and with bitly url shortener "
"first project"
"Use your Xiaomi MiBand for Geocaching!"
"Sample forum system"
"Learning github"
"WIP"
""
"Collection of useful code snippets in various languages, feel free to use or extend :)"
""
"Salient Object Detection: A Benchmark"
""
""
""
""
""
"Learn python, sample, book"
"Repo for The Meteor Chef - Building a User Admin Tutorial"
""
"anyway"
"Renumber and organise photos"
"Simple rest client python class"
""
""
"Useful information worth keeping on one place"
""
"Mapping an IP traceroute"
""
"Sample Size Calculator"
""
"Quick hacks to enable the handling SSH URIs under LXDE or Windows."
"Streaming data from a Node server to draw a dynamical heatmap with Maperial.js"
""
""
"ansible-role-virtualenv-firewall"
"Documents"
""
""
""
""
"BMC ARSystem documenter"
"Offline reader for Wikipedia and other Wiki projects"
"My .vimrc configuration. Here be dragons!"
":earth_asia: Assets for iinbrand on CDN | https://cdn.iinb.ga"
"Track your progress"
""
""
"Local Notification"
"QA over Linked Open Vocabularies"
""
"Assets used for golang meetups"
"FMS Custom Login Portlet"
""
"ansible-role-virtualenv-varnish"
"Testing connectivity to Hive"
"ansible-role-virtualenv-solr"
"MVC Web Application"
""
"Health assistant watchface for Pebble "
"Sample logic programs using C#"
""
"ansible-role-virtualenv-ruby"
""
"My profile website."
"Slack Hooks for Logrus"
""
"ansible-role-virtualenv-postfix"
""
""
""
"http://www.codewars.com/users/graymur"
"WIP: sample implement on elixir"
""
""
"Dispatch your actions manually to test if your app reacts well."
"Solutions for the advent of code, written in Go"
"mathlogic course homework"
""
""
"This is a sample on Backtory's back-end as a service product for Unity."
"https://tools.wmflabs.org/contact"
"simple npm script based projects"
""
"Simple Integer Compiler made as a part of S7 compiler lab"
""
""
""
"YouBike Taipei navigation."
""
"Quick start of Angular material "
"Personal website for LENG Mei."
""
"My dotfiles"
"this is sample project about WebAudioAPI and three.js"
"DataBinding Examples from AngularJS"
"Processes newly found songs to identify their album, artist, cover"
""
""
""
"Udemy React Tutorial"
"Fast compression library"
""
""
"A mod that offers a base for building fastest like maps."
"developed using PHP/MySQL"
"My Cucumber Selenium example"
"3d printable case for the DVmega dualband radio and the AMBE + lf board"
"Fix the indentation in <pre> elements"
""
""
"Server: Unity3d & EQEMU"
""
"Helps with generating signed headers for aws v4 signatures. "
""
"Simple Web Server to conduct a performance test"
"first commit"
"ansible-role-virtualenv-php-pecl"
""
""
"Script for reading binary .chn files from Ortec detectors"
""
"just test"
""
"Just a fun bot for a twitch channel using the PricBot framework for easy acces to the tiwtch irc servers"
""
"Migrate JTS version control from SVN to GIT"
"A backup tool for GitHub repositories"
""
"practise for leet code"
"Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer"
""
"test"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Allows to wire OpenMUC input and output channels to implement gateway applications"
"Demo application for disruptor-net"
""
""
""
"walkman player command line utility"
""
"Learning book ""The Python Standard Library by Example"""
"First repository on github"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/android-rome-feed-reader"
"Arduino library for model railroaders"
""
""
"beaghost"
""
"Drawing  real-time plots from Arduino Nano"
"my first github repository"
"Web scrapper on nodejs platform"
"A tool to get recursive directory information from Dropbox"
""
""
"Tutorial in symfony3"
""
""
"This is a small class that allows you to decode the Google Polyline Format."
""
""
""
"Interactive visualisations of the data available from the Indian government."
""
""
""
"Boilerplate for Webapp projects including Node, MongoDB, Express, Jade, SASS, Gulp tasks and BrowserSync."
"Bluez5 and PulseAudio in a docker for recieve and send sound via a2dp"
"Generic C Vector and Generic C HashSet."
"Reads pulses from watermeter trhough CTS on serial port"
"implementation of linux shell "
""
""
"Studying web-server"
"CSC253 ""Computer Graphics"" Course Project.... Using GLFW GLEW"
""
"Example App using the Google Polyline Decoding"
""
""
"New design of Hevicado application"
"Share files between clients without storing them on the server"
""
"wayslog's trash bucket"
"Garden planner"
"Decompiles Shader Model 3.0 shaders into HLSL code"
"lets get started"
"Assembling a subset of nahant vibriophages using pacbio data and comparing it to assemblies created only with illumina data."
"A sudoku solver (just for fun)"
""
"First try"
"Provides Syncthing Debian packages from <http://apt.syncthing.net/>."
"Example of how to render modal window with React.js."
""
""
""
"Web based document about MongoDB, including some examples with the java driver"
"Learning Git-Hub"
""
"my firs repository"
"It's an simple demo of ray tracing from the book<Fundamentals of Computer Graphics> of Peter Shirley using c++."
"sandbox to use parallax "
"Symple android ndk openCv"
""
"NeighborhoodMapProject"
"All of the projects I've done in previous courses"
"Market place for vk"
"Internet of Things web platform"
"First Githud Repository Trail"
"Gelfd daemon that accepts gelf events and pushes them to kafka"
""
"FMS 3 Columns Layout"
""
"Kaggle, PAKDD, etc"
"Small tools writed by myself"
"FlowGrid is a visual dataflow programming environment for Android."
"Minutes Content Type for pellucid_build"
"hosts updater for android"
""
"Smart selenium base web driver written in Ruby"
"simpleDBSmanagement"
"Minimal wiki webapp"
"Personal videography site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI"
"Redux for the State D3 for the View"
""
"Analog clock on Firefox toolbar"
""
""
""
"A command line tool for managing font data on a single svg file"
"boostrap 3 template"
"Booking application for Javascript 3 project. "
""
"Stateless UI components for snabbdom that follow material design"
""
""
"Sample for Jenkins Workflow plug-in and Docker"
"mts api system"
""
"let's get started"
"php"
"Project Euler solution"
""
""
"Docker container for Logitech Media Server"
"python imp"
"Organization Pages"
"Practice simple JavaSciprt"
""
"Personal website and blog"
"Scala statistics."
"A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys."
""
""
""
""
""
"Java project template"
""
"Homework1"
"Use of opencv to capture images"
""
""
"Personal technical blog"
""
"RPC and Protobuf examples  in C++ "
"My express.js web application based on rouxmeet example."
"Docker for githubpages development"
"My website"
"Mysql 5.5 for Winginx"
"Track Objects in Motion"
""
""
""
"ForCongaree"
"algorithm"
"Lib for working on images comparison"
"Routes HTTP Requests to AWS Lambda"
""
"String processing library"
"Solar driven ultracap battery"
"This is a banking application written in C++ in Console."
"Library for Hokuyo laser in Java"
"Personal Website fuad-ainun.ga, @Fuad_Ainun"
"Open source and properly licensed code for the Digilent Nexys 4 DDR peripherals"
"Tiny Unix Tools That Make Life Easier"
"Web application"
"First commit"
""
"Blog"
"Log Sense HAT sensor data and show it in a web app"
"Job-Desk Mobile App"
"A Laravel Application for storing all your contacts"
""
"a smart tv on raspberry pi B+"
"Fast download BLAST databases from NCBI."
""
"npm install react-native-pageview"
""
""
"PHP package for encrypting and decrypting files"
"Code shared amongst the Web application and Android application"
""
""
"Android application"
""
""
"Reads your xbox one gamer tag video rss feed and displays the videos and screenshots onto your website. You can now save images and videos now"
"An Ansible role that installs Icecast."
"How to connect PHP to a MySQL database"
"Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden"
""
""
""
"rails-dev docker-image w/ related gem bundled"
"yet another modal dialogs for your angular application"
"Training session creation utility."
""
"A very small game engine I have been tinkering with"
""
"Sponge plugin that handles some things for the server The Unknown."
""
"jesse"
"A simple clock plugin for Overwolf"
"Pin entry component for react-native"
"A tool for managing live and recorded youtube videos between different users"
"myFirstRepo"
"Swift Scroll View (FreeForm Portrait test)"
"Test repo for hook development "
"The CodePoser Website"
"Common Plugin for DotoQuiz"
"Testing"
""
""
"Common classes shared by SOmusic services"
"Electronic postcard based on STM32 and SPI LCD"
""
"Swift Animation Study"
""
"Playground: Testing Parse.com workflow"
"Turn bindings, hashes or arrays into instance variables"
"Python script to generate an iCal calendar from the GDQ schedule"
""
"machine learning"
""
"Customizable node graph editing software"
"A Python bot that queries every AppID on the steam store for given passwords the user enters for the Steam Winter Sale 2015/2016 ARG"
""
"The repository contains recipes I like to share with my friend"
""
""
"Android Currency Converter using Yahoo Finance API (YQL) and implements Text change Listener."
"laravel 5.2_smartadmin"
"personal website using Keystone.js ( nunjucks + stylus + gulp )"
""
"fury001's article"
""
""
""
"Srushtiloka Website"
"http://exampleweba.azurewebsites.net"
""
"A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too."
""
"My first repository on GitHub."
""
""
"Web project structure for beginner"
""
""
""
""
"placement task for android dev course "
"Dockerfile of Debian /srv/www/ data volume."
""
"Check certificates in a java keystore without having to know the keystore password"
""
"a new repository"
""
"test"
""
"Table, an object that maps rows and columns to value."
"Personal Website"
"android fr24 base on ionic "
"A windows most simple engine made with C++ & DirectX"
"Sample usage of recyclerview http://coderscafe.net/how-to-use-recyclerview/"
"Test"
"Code for dealing with CoRE Link Format (RFC 6690) and similar"
"A simple book manager android app (Udacity Nanodegree exercise)"
"a go version sockfile https://github.com/Steveice10/sockfile"
""
"golearning"
""
""
"Set-top-box Data"
"For the Sockpuppet"
"This is a bunch of code and data files from attempts to connect a microcontroller to the motor controller of a Jazzy electric wheelchair. NONE OF IT WORKED."
""
"Read CERT output files in one directory, calculate the overall means and convert the means to a csv file"
""
""
""
"python study"
""
"OData server on top of MySQL"
""
"The free web Visual Novel engine!"
""
"Test"
"Hello world"
"first comment"
""
"A MHTML Parser"
"Provides better INI parsing and rendering"
"hello world"
""
"Full website example."
""
""
""
"Trying to solve problems in this challenge,http://cryptopals.com/"
"Google App Invites for React Native"
""
"to send generic mails using the mandrill API in PHP as server side. (Web based only)"
"A simple web front-end providing read-only access to download .zip files of projects"
""
""
"A simple Bash shell script that merges a branch with the master and develop branches."
"For Udacity ""How to Use Git and GitHub"" class"
""
""
"A Command Line Utility made in Python for Windows to Rename the Song as ""Artist Name-Song Name"" and make the first Google Image Search Result of ""Artist Name-Song Name"" as the Album Art of the Song"
"css-best practices"
"Test app"
"testing"
"A learning all about Lumen project for tracking personal expenses."
"GDB plugin to dump SECCOMP rules set via prctnl(PR_SET_SECCOMP, SECCOMP_MODE_FILTER)"
""
"hw macs timetable"
""
"[0.0.1] A database of common language codes and names"
""
"a Discord bot for Python 3.5+"
"Experimental very basic reactive streams implementation for JavaScript"
""
"Conslutation Reservation Mangement System, requirment of software engineering subject. Multimedia Univeristy. January 2016."
"Generates new pairs of randomly generated Sudoku puzzles and solutions"
""
"Rainfuck is a brainfuck interpreter and JIT compiler implemented in Rust."
"go "
"first repository"
"The editor for the WinBox engine"
""
"Day 2 of Variety Megajam"
"Exercises for LaunchSchool - Course 1 - Programming Foundations."
"R Course - Program Assignment 3"
"This is my git hub demo"
""
"build on windows or linux"
"Command line hacker typer in python."
""
"steam backup covers"
"An angular app clone from angular-seed."
"OxyRouter is a simple javascript plugin for making front-end routing easy as pie."
""
""
"Javascript based web app uses d3 library for representing languages used by user on repositories"
"Une demo de git"
""
"Dashboard Graphs"
""
""
"yii lessons"
""
""
""
""
"Node.js module to manage SSH Configuration files in a sane way."
"Create a Unix-like permissions string from an `fs.stat` file or directory `mode`, eg `0777`to `-rwxrwxrwx`"
""
""
"Try MoonCraft in your browser"
"testing VNC"
"practice with peer programming. (Worked with Ben)"
".gitignore file for Drupal8"
""
""
"A Hangman Game"
"Setup lamp with ftp and mysql backups on ubuntu server"
"A library consists of technical analysis methods for trading."
""
""
"Qt 4 Cross-platform desktop application Starter Kit"
"student-registration form in node.js"
""
"pictweet python ver"
""
"TA Hanif "
""
"some useful coding skill"
"Simulation of a totally asymmetric attractive interacting particle system"
"A page to display my profile using HTML, CSS and BOOTSTRAP"
"Test repo"
"my website"
"Just a quick flask site. With a postgreSQL db (hopefully). "
""
""
""
"WordPress site for http://www.schome.org/. License required for theme (templatemonster.com 52176)."
"Zway automation module to turn off devices after inactivity"
""
"tutorial rep"
""
""
"List of tech books I've read"
""
"Windows instrumented profiler for native applications"
""
"An importer that takes as input IMDB data files and populates a SQL database"
""
"aha itself, loader, runner, and assembler"
"lmao OBS's security is crap"
"Learning Practise"
""
"portal"
"A very simple yet powerfull C string library"
"Upload data master"
"vm,Cloud,storage"
""
"Playing with test programming questions that Amazon asked my brother in an interview."
"Dev A assignment by Mike Schouten"
""
""
"PHP project "
"BZFlag map development tool"
"issue repo"
""
":mag: :fireworks: Enlarges the image with the mouse hover and move"
"Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs"
""
"just for test"
"Project tools to classify and sort ebooks"
""
"This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid i386 (32bit)"
"Clean and Lean Watchface"
""
""
"Cookie Crunch Game"
""
"Just Another Competitive Scorer. It takes input, filters the files to be checked, and Scores them on Ten  "
""
"Not a real dragon, but the next best thing."
"Take notes while learning about web design and IT"
""
""
""
""
"Call initialization functions and load resources and scripts when the document is ready."
"This is my first time to use GitHub,so I creat a test repository"
""
"Personal Website"
"Experimenting with string escaping and byte string -> text encodings"
""
"Phoenix Framework with Webpack"
""
""
"Youtube Simulator Game"
"A customised Django CMS with Bootstrap support"
"Robot Framework Test Case Editing and Running Development Environment with Web."
""
""
"Scripts and source-code examples for different tools to work with Unity Engine games"
"SQLBackupHelper"
"Workaround for Popcorn Time"
"Data of Argentina and Chile in geo-json format."
"Unity reimagining of the 2000s era GMUD, Dusk"
"A page about me"
""
""
"A customized Go Playground"
""
"kvm hotkey faker for the ds-11900"
"Transform you probabilties into coordinates to display"
"A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file."
"Node service for generating random data"
"origin backup covers"
""
"ToDo List using MEAN Stack + AngularJS"
"A playground for my nocturnal coding activities"
"Ionic component for collapsible comment threads"
""
"Fetch Rotten Tomatoes Data without an API key."
"A small discord bot"
"Mirror-based reflection for Objective-C"
"Kicad Schema Library for Unrecoverable.org"
""
""
"example phone gap"
""
"Chatbot reply generator written in Python"
"Convert the raw hex bytes of HMC5883L to a 3d vector.  Note this handles the twos compliment conversion."
"Easy linkable nginx Docker-Container"
"Coursera - Exploratory Data Analysis - Course Project 2"
"Website for Coop-Fisk"
"my solution to lintcode problems"
"BASUKEBU custom modules and themes."
""
""
""
"A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development"
""
"HTML CSS JS lessons"
""
"My First Game - A work in progress."
""
"pytools in my daily work/life"
"my-vim setting"
""
""
"working my way through learn c the hard way"
""
"A collection of coding Katas in Ruby And JS"
"A CMake skeleton for begin development inside JdeRobot"
"Docker orchestration of Debian LEP stack (3-tier)."
""
"Convert date to unix and natural."
"Simulation of a totally asymmetric attractive interacting particle system"
"I've started using GABBI to test my web application, but I've found it a little difficult to get into."
"Express and ES2015, ES7 build settings"
""
""
"Edits to the XV_Controller_master lidar code"
"Remote sensing with an ATTiny85 and cheap RF transmitter/receiver"
"Skills for Toothless."
"Box plugin for HiDev"
"A demo page of social-media profile"
""
""
"A helper for organising Our Christian Life And Ministry Meeting"
"SocketCAN for Qt"
"Visualize EarthQuakes around the world."
""
""
""
"Treehouse tech degree Project 2"
"Blockchain Explorer."
""
"Helps with generating signed headers for aws v4 signatures. "
"inspiration"
"test"
""
"minimal paypal php app"
"A project exemplifying mobile client / server communications with Monix"
"Practice files related to my study of ""The C Programming Language"""
"this is firs repository for learning purpose"
"Simple fast promise"
"My RapidMiner Extension"
"EITWEB"
"A simple C# application to verify who unfollowed you. Learning purpose only."
"[urionlinejudge.com.br] problem solutions"
"An introductory exercise"
"A Discord Bot"
""
""
"Python scripts from 'Programming the Raspberry Pi' Simon Monk (2016)"
"proyecto final app distribuidas"
"To work through the tutorial"
"Chatbot plugin for Indigo Server"
"FRC 2016 Source Code"
"Ninja 3D model for Processing"
"Converting Meteors Todo tutorial to typescript while using react for rendering"
"A personal finance categorizer in Javascript."
"Blog develop by php"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/gource"
"School"
"Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff"
"first github repository"
"Repository revelation!!"
"website"
""
"A scalable K/V store in Go"
"[0.0.2] Extract emails from a text"
""
"scripts and configuration of the ledger-cli"
"Postfix w/ forwardint on CentOS 7"
""
"Solving the hackerrank Reverse Shuffle Merge puzzle"
"EasyListView library for Android "
"vee's C++ Library 2.0"
"nodeschool how to npm"
""
"http://mywebappe.azurewebsites.net"
"Container for udacity project with two android apps."
""
""
"http://www.cgs.synth.net/"
""
"This is the main project for the Ruby on Rails course"
"some examples in the book Beginning-Python-From-Novice-To-Professional"
""
"Project pembuatan SMA Tunggul Wulung"
"Content site, for a company"
"Google App Engine and Spring MVC example project"
""
""
""
""
"tutorial"
""
""
""
"pilgrim.me.uk Site"
""
""
"Simply input a word and get an image related to the word"
"The first main part of my diploma thesis which must be delivered to finish the course Semestral project"
""
""
"A command line language analytics toolbox"
""
"c program to play files in subdirectories in random order"
"PowerShell Scripts to Manage O365 Membership"
"Source code for the experimental, compact ""wee"" file compression utility."
"Dockerfile of Debian NGINX (1.9.9)."
"learning github"
""
""
""
"takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website"
""
""
""
""
"Enzyme Reaction Rate Estimation with Matlab"
""
"Everybody needs to write a string library once in their life"
"my java homework"
"Knowledge Explained Reactively "
"A blog based on beego"
"Code to run my wordclock"
"Tool for generating random api response based on schema"
"Automated Electronic Dimming Light Control Following the Sun Period"
"Simple web page with Leaflet map and geolocalisation."
"All things data - Minecraft Forge Mod"
"Some go code."
"Simple android project to manage my hours at work"
"Desktop-imu"
""
""
""
"wifi thermostat based on an esp2866 and nodemcu"
""
"A simple jira exporter"
"Dev Bootcamp Phase 0 Coursework"
"TypeScript Book Repository"
"Interfacing an ultrasonic sensor with the Intel Edison"
"Export to Office(Excel,Word) , Pdf,OpenDocumentFormat( ODS,ODT )from Classes/DataSet/DataTable/IDataReader/JSON/CSV/RSS/"
"Easily get cricket scores for any match"
"Automatic docker configurations for osx"
""
""
""
"A ReactJS application using Flux architecture."
"Minimal installer environment for easier C source distribution"
""
""
"Fileserver (Appletalk & SMB) for SmartOS"
"Stopwords collection of Bahasa Indonesia collected from many sources."
"Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/"
""
"A simple JavaScript library to manage colors."
"Ehealth "
""
""
"Arduino library for controlling Robie Junior's eyes using adafruit's PWM shield."
"Easily get PNR Status for Indian Railways"
"This application is to present your personal CV."
"[0.0.1] Detect locale of a document using a glossary"
"personal homepage"
"Schedule Your Church Matters"
""
""
""
""
"Trajectory Solver in deep space"
"Automatic dependencies version checker (NodeJS)"
"This the a fine example of my Swipview of tab, and Navigation Drawer."
"Solutions to algorithm competitions."
"getting started with github"
""
"A validation library for the Slim Framework. It internally uses Respect/Validation."
"box office purtamovies"
" A sample project using Spring Reactor which implements a Async Task Execution Scenario"
"Frontend"
"The Android Rest Client "
""
"Software to control Arduino powered go-kart"
""
"imran"
"Updates song statistics"
"C language project using OpenGL graphics library"
"Website for timelapses of the Bridge in Ice-project"
"Japanese traditional colors."
""
""
"My theme for Piwigo."
"The first tutorial of Angular2 Beta using Visual Studio"
"Object oriented programmng on C#, SoftUni Homeworks"
""
""
"Repository for Euler challenges and similar code for Thing a Week."
"figuring out how this thing works"
""
""
"General and helpful tools for ZF2 applications"
""
"Sudoku Solver"
"Lesson from devcolibri.com"
""
"Add a Center To My Position button like available on Google Maps"
""
"Python code to read and process FASTQ formatted files"
"Git integrations with Android Studio."
"The common driver for Robot Headquarter's robots."
"Movie Mania P12"
"An HTTP download server optimized for podcasts"
""
""
""
""
"Adding realism and features to TerraFirmaCraft"
"Egocentric Nil"
"Life is not what you have gained but what you have done!"
""
""
"An Alt-Tab Alternative for Windows 7"
""
"My submission for the google code in task."
""
"OpenStack Controller on Docker"
"Here you can find a database consisting of EN - AM Definitions."
"An extension of the Floating Action Button to keep track of the user's progress."
""
"Build artifacts from Travis CI."
""
""
"My first java script ive made ;)"
"Returns the smallest number from a multidimensional array or object."
""
"Animations styles for elm-transit"
""
""
""
""
"compute the top"
"TwitterBot to send a Bible verse when it sees hashtag #bverse sent to it"
"A Sonic Pi implementation of Steve Reich's Piano Phase"
""
"script trainner"
"Chatango Chatroom And Pms Client"
"Custom Audio Player made for underscore.co.uk"
"Repository to test remote branch deletion."
"movableui theme"
""
""
"Just another repository"
""
"Simple module to sort objects recursively by its keys"
"A django app to be used with django_netjsongraph to show network stats"
""
"electron,electron"
"Cellular Mathematical Biology Reading Course"
"MyFirstRepository"
"Application for taking notes, written in rails."
"hehuoren"
""
"Landing Page Test"
"Get the weather in Newark, CA"
""
""
"rotate shift left (or right) by several bit positions on AVR"
""
""
"Library to connect to Stanford NER local Server, send in the Raw Text and get back Entity JSON"
"For my solutions to reddit/r/dailyprogrammer problems."
""
"Super simple chat app using Firebase as the backend"
"ruby json server"
"Simple examples for weka library"
""
"CracklePop number generator in ruby"
"Cross-platform notes application made with Electron and Angular."
""
""
"Private school project/assignment"
""
"Windows 10 app - adapted from default MVVMLight template. Being used to learn Windows 10"
"my test project"
"cleaning house and best controland movers"
"A development environment sample for WebPack's Hot Module Replacement with Babel, React, and Sass"
"rustlang hyper bindings for local unix domain sockets"
"fork of Berkely Snap"
"sun project"
""
"A framework for pragmatic web systems development"
"Query the encodings of the ASCII characters within the specified range"
""
"Cloud Block Storage as a Service"
""
"A python useful tool for system administrators and malicious people :)"
"calendar"
"Project of creating image compression base on wavelette"
"Small project to get familiar with QT"
""
""
"express view engine for partial react views"
""
"App with tools: front-end( Bootstrap and AngularJS), back-end(PHP), and a little simulator html for the App. "
"tools for playing streams and embedded videos live on the raspberry pi."
""
""
""
""
""
"Morra game built for a project in the university"
"Simplified database module"
""
""
""
"Beinder: simple data binding"
"Dev"
""
"A meteor-angular application"
"Shiny app demonstrating tabbed reporting interface"
""
"Solving the hackerrank The Love-Letter Mystery puzzle"
"Add first implementation."
""
"Test"
""
"Lollipop Chart"
""
""
"Will be a clone of the original Boulder Dash game"
"Free Antpool PHP-API-Client"
""
""
"HTML5 Clock jQuery Plugin"
""
""
"Web Rails Project for Professional Services Platform"
"CSS Examples"
""
"Final content of the system of the group project"
""
"Playing around with cluster set up"
"A Jekyll theme based on the super minimal Milligram CSS Framework"
"Cloudflare (and related services) Resolver"
"Simplified session module"
""
"Makes it easy to require one or more checkboxes using declarative data attributes."
"A modified version of Mike Czumak's enumeration scanner"
"Game based on edutainment"
"Dashboard to display home status and generate alerts when appropriate"
""
"Web-based app to systemacically review your queued tasks in Todoist task manager."
"Network embedded Operating System"
"This software can add event capabilities to an object. And works on any modern browser like Chrome, Webkit, Firefox etc."
"Tool to convert senml between formats and act as gateway server to other services"
"A progressive implementation of 'HelloWorld' using various architectures"
""
""
"Sticky ScrollView for Xamarin Android. "
"Redoing the scraper"
"A python script helping keeping track of TODOs added to code on current branch."
""
""
""
"Retrieves tweets with links to songs"
""
""
"Improved command line console interface for BotBits bots."
""
"An instant messaging app created in Meteor for a Coursera course."
"Simple chat application referenced from official web site"
""
"Exemplos_CodeAcademy"
"This is a universal and public program for the management of homeless shelters"
""
"Examples of redux usage and patterns from the egghead.io course "
"An authentication server for PostgREST"
"A simple tool to create mental rotation tasks"
"Learn Angular"
"My First Rails App"
""
"GUI for numerical simulations of a minimal surface"
"Simple transit application"
"Video Color Sampler - sample video frame colors at runtime"
""
""
"My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html"
"Some guy wanted my vesa code, so here it is"
""
"chunks of code from my Data Science Projects..."
""
"A Carcassonne implementation in Python/Kivy"
""
"This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS"
"Simple project test"
"Get the latest tracks from a radio station and put them on a spotify playlist"
""
""
"My IDEA settings"
"3D Rendering: Shading and Tessellation"
""
"Prudential Life Insurance Assessment"
"Modules with diferent purposes for android projects."
""
"Traffic Congestion Standalone App"
"ridley is a simple IDL"
""
"Angular CRUD application using Firebase"
""
""
"For a shapefile, remove other shapefiles, to see what original polygons aren't covered"
""
""
"Band(e.g. a cappella)'s practice feedback system"
""
"Automatically created docker image for php"
"Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api."
"My personal website"
""
""
"NASA rss from Head First"
""
""
"Makes it easy to require one or more checkboxes using declarative data attributes."
"Playground repo for iOS Stanford course"
""
"Personal technical blog"
"Startup Repository"
"capture network traffic & session hijacking"
"rails blogger app based on tutorial at tutorials.jumpstartlab.com"
"My Blogging app made in React.js "
"Haskell Korean Documents"
""
"Provides functions to create histogram from Bitmap images."
"New design of Hevicado application"
"Data Stream is Sparkfun, graphing is Analog.io"
"Simple client for the action camera"
"An ES6 yeoman generator to get your next web project started."
""
""
"pimp my vim"
""
""
"test repository"
"my C++ library"
"All the small (may be non userful ;-) ) automating scripts or programs that I made."
""
"ESP fw for a home control gate"
"A JavaScript library to work with weather information and forecasts data provided by Open Weather Map."
"A simple webpage about me"
"Projektni zadatak"
"A storage application for malt and hops built in Django."
""
""
""
"A simple chat system written in NodeJS using Sockets and Connect"
"Repo for generating images which fool a trained CNN on MNIST"
"Personal Blog"
"Android implementation of Conway's Game of Life using AnimatedVectorDrawables"
"IPCANNER"
""
""
"Map functions for the sign maintenance database"
"Accelarating ggplot2"
"sugar models"
"Angular Contact Manager"
""
"Lab's website"
"This is the test website for my blog"
""
"A iOS GUI for CR Smart Home"
"SkForge Skript addon"
"Initial Travis CI setup for my projects"
"node training ground based on codeschool"
"mini facebook"
"Homebrew formula for zopfli"
"Learning git"
"Code hosting for www.windows10insider.com"
""
""
"Haskell Repo"
"Social media (Twitter) enabled Christmas Jumper project"
" A Traybar Application for WhatsApp written in C++"
"Portfolio for Liz"
""
""
"Ruby JSON-only client for QuickBooks Online API v3. Built on top of the Faraday gem."
""
"Android App to display Google Calendar on a Nook eReader"
""
"DbUnit extention (provide simple integration with JUnit, Spring and Liquibase)."
""
"This is the repository that holds the application that we need for authorizing users for our comment-app."
""
""
"View of a dynamic number of HTML elements"
""
"portfolio"
"smartbookreader"
"An educational platform for security experts"
""
"Python script to repurpose eml files into specific date ranges for indexing"
""
"C#.NET, Windows Form"
"[0.0.2] Extract plain text from any kind of document"
""
"A collection of gw2 QoL enhancements."
"download photos from byr"
"One Month Rails"
""
"Let's be part of the Internet !"
""
""
""
"Golang utility class KeyLock: lock by string key, so as to avoid giant lock"
""
"repo for demo in SP"
"SQLCE MVC"
"Single page angular web app for EigenMusik."
"Datastrukturer och Algoritmer - Projekt_Snake"
"""Trashbag"" - a little Unity experience for Ludum Dare 32: An Unconventional Weapon"
""
"hello Project"
""
"ChicagoBoss & Mnesia based blog application"
"My New Repo"
""
"Personal Site"
""
"play"
"A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key."
""
""
"Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)"
""
"Parses csv and creates a plot of all the points. Currently very specific to the table format I'm using."
""
"simple angular project to display a list of stocks"
"Blog system built on Node.JS using LEAF framework for front end design."
"Static analysis tools for template languages"
""
"My fst repo"
"This is the repository that holds the application that we need for authorizing users for our comment-app."
"My attempt to build a PHP based LCARS (Star Trek) UI builder"
"ISO20022 plugin for ofxstatement"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Skeleton Application for Scabbia PHP Framework (1.x branch)"
"Web object inspector used to automate testing software with Selenium "
"Some java project templates for quick starts."
""
""
"Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!"
"Jenkins server"
""
"GUI/Software for collaborating with a team real-time via Socket.io/Node.js, designed for tablets in mind."
""
""
""
""
""
"This is about to bring all educational arena in one spot."
"The purpose of this program is to demonstrate the functionality of (LRU) cache memory."
""
""
""
"This is a dummy android app. Nothin to do here."
""
""
""
"JavaScript Design Pattern Collections"
""
""
"Android - Hackathon game"
"Button and hotkey for convenient reloading of nativeweb windows"
"WTF Board"
""
""
"This project used for automation test."
"Code for Computational Investing, Coursera 2016"
"Pluralizes common words"
"Example apps"
"Homebrew formula for zopfli"
"General Assembly - Learning Java"
"Simple vanilla JS script to simulate text typewriting effect."
""
"staging website"
"Just a test on some 4D using OpenGL."
""
"Quick & dirty, but restores URL from a given file (pinned tabs)"
"My site/blog/portfolio"
"hello world git!!"
""
"Clean and easy way to implement swipe actions to UITableViewCell"
""
""
"Basic commerce website"
""
"Checkpoint 18 Address Bloc: Basic Ruby App"
"Simple infrastructure to create, run and analyze tests which have measurable output"
"Raspberry Pi Python Library for Real Time Clock MCP79400"
"My first repository"
""
"Cache with on-fly predicate evaluations"
"trabajo"
""
"AirBnb Transformation"
""
"hackerrank.com puzzle & contests"
""
"wp-theme-church"
"JavaScript/HTML5 canvas game"
"my rest rep"
"GUI for TLP"
"Cloud Database"
"blog"
"A Minecraft Mod that allows you to have tools and armor made of bedrock."
""
""
""
"(WIP) Rich-Text Editor that behaves like Tencent QQ's."
"A simple flight tracking app for the beagle bone black (embedded linux). This is a study project."
"A node.js alternative for Varnish Cache"
""
""
""
""
"Grails sample REST API for cube and its contents"
"content management website"
""
"This is a hello world project. just for fun."
""
""
"Project for Algorithmics course. Bloom and Cuckoo filters used for remembering elements added to list."
"gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1"
""
""
"Code for the CamJam EduKit #3 - Robotics"
""
""
"A Command line tool for format Android Logcat."
"Just testing"
"Homebrew formula for zopfli"
"Docker compose yml builder API using Symfony 3.0"
""
"Notes on the go"
""
""
""
"Homebrew formula for pngout"
""
"my test file"
"an R package for modeling plant growth and its phenotypic components in the era of plant phenomics"
"Mastering Hamcrest"
""
""
""
"Patched Linux Kernel with Multitouch Support for Microsoft Type Cover 3 and 4"
"Stockmarket demo app build with ionic framework and firebase"
"Creating plugin for converting table from Autocad to text file with extension .arps"
"mobile app repo"
""
"Mallow Locker - LockScreen Based on Marshmallow LockScreen Stock                            | Status of the Project: Stable ."
"HTP data"
"Synchronous Data from DotoQuiz to Picasa, vice versa"
"Data science project"
"for Udacity nanodegree"
"exercise"
"An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java"
""
""
""
"Shows your Mail Subject on the LCD display from your Raspberry PI"
""
""
""
""
"Gallery"
"course project for shaniu"
""
"The new PlayerData plugin."
""
"ActiveRecord exercise for W3D3 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp "
"This repo contains the information for a new fresher training"
"A toy package for the UWE group"
"Configuration form for the DrupalCampNJ WristSchedule app for Pebble"
""
""
"Lightweight injection logger for Java 8."
""
"My Self Playing with the Postition porperties in CSS "
"NPM package to create Dungeons and Dragons 5e character sheets"
"NodeJS tutorial project"
""
""
""
""
"A python program to organize cave topography data and create maps"
""
"Returns the largest number from a multidimensional array or object."
""
"Sound Cloud Playlist Builder"
"TuxMath is an arcade game that helps people practice their math facts."
""
"Reverse-engineered interface to SonarPhone fish finders"
""
"Invalog Angular App"
"Code to run the LEDMatrix"
""
""
"A Genetic Algorithm that tune the Artificial Neural Network Parameters (FANN library)"
"Windows phone helpers"
"My Spring Batch Examples"
"A openwrt build environment using docker"
""
""
""
"Blank gulp-based project for fast start"
"This is a simple Normal distribution representation build in Angula, d3.js and simple statistic."
"CodeMirror buttons addon"
""
"git init"
""
"test"
""
"Fork of the espruino MQTT module"
"Sandbox for Wetspot 2 audio experiments in nostalgia."
"Remove diacritics, accent from string"
"Our first repository"
""
"An attempt at writing a bit of an own OS."
"Interactive plots in R using D3.js"
"Python Projects"
"Bukkit/Spigot API for minigames"
""
""
"Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams"
"Short example of attempt to animate a hive plot that I haven't been able to make work."
"Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap"
"A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit"
""
"Arch install script"
""
""
"Introductory Machine Learning in Python (for tutorial pdf visit suwangcompling.com)"
"Head First C# series"
""
"Programming in Scala book, tutorials code"
"helloworld"
"D driver for phantomjs"
"A subtley elegant ghost theme"
"> Examples for the Practical Node.js book [Apress, 2014]"
"Apache-storm topologies"
"Dockerfile for latest openui5 version"
"A Sponge plugin that changes the behavior of NPCs"
"Scripts for building a basic Linux system, based on Linux From Scratch http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/"
"Renders a scene to a cubemap."
""
"Maven plugin which performs a REST POST request with datafile payload and saves the results to a file"
"My lisp playground"
"Tinder UI for IMGUR images"
""
""
""
"An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image."
"A script for automatic shift appointment"
""
""
"my c code repositry"
""
""
"Repository for JHU Coursera Practical Machine Learning"
"resume repository"
""
""
""
"You don't know Jack."
"Private Repo"
""
""
""
"Adds java 8"
"An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java"
"code for consciousless.net"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Abox lite version"
"Awesome tk text editor"
"Browse a collection of 200 years of Red Riding Hood"
"Neural Network for Handwritten digits"
"Recipes how to use assemble (v0.7.0+)"
"For testing only"
"Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun."
"Scotch.io bears tutorial"
"the  tutorial to learn c programming language."
"Android app for practice"
""
""
"dotfiles"
""
"A ORM for DynamoDB"
""
"Recipe Management"
"R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data"
"exploring go"
"A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate"
"Mark Down sources of my personal site deploted on "
"Binds icanboogie/http to ICanBoogie"
"Plugin for JOSM for customizing of public transport stops"
"nodejs docker ci"
"A simpe version of the snake game written in python using the curses library"
""
"practicar ryby sample app"
""
"Annotation-triggered method call by specified thread."
"Pretty print JSON"
"A visualization of real time twitter sentiment powered by storm and d3"
"Introduction to Ensemble Models using R"
""
"Android app to translate text into Pig Latin"
"a pomodoro timer written in Python"
""
""
""
""
"Everything for my move to Denmark"
"a web app demo for VIO"
"Some scripts for the atom code editor"
"Simple risk vizualization"
""
"Pruebas escolares"
""
"Daily programmer solutions"
"Records and plays back input during gameplay in Sonic Adventure DX."
""
""
"Test 1, 2, 3"
""
""
""
"Interesting problem on trees"
"jonathan's github pages"
"Web front-end for SOmusic"
"Password Generator with German nouns"
"just a start"
""
""
""
""
"A time based map reduce toolkit"
"Notes for 'RxJS - Javascript library for functional reactive programming' book ( http://xgrommx.github.io/rx-book/ )"
""
"Angular2 2.0.0-beta.0 minimum starter"
""
"This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub."
""
"A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit"
"simple form validator based on javascript validation API"
"hello world"
"Hackathon event portal"
""
""
""
"cross-platform bin manager; list and empty all your bins!"
"A sample project to learn angular js"
""
""
""
""
"Send temperature and humidity stats into io.adafruit.com and into your local redis server and provides an interface to view your stats."
"A description of my goals for 2016"
"The GetHub Hello World Tutorial"
""
""
"This eagle"
"Ice Cream Website"
""
""
"The Castle kitchen"
""
"Atmel ATTiny LiPo (4.2 V) solar cell charger"
""
"full-stack-dev-series-vagrant"
"Practice programming problems on LeetCode"
"Chrome extension to prevent you from scrolling down on Facebook too much"
"VS 2015 syntax highlighting for Lolcode"
"Japanese language support for biblatex"
""
"Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it."
"Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request."
""
"Software and design for Raspberry Pi based custom three wheel droid."
"An app that calculates the spi from getting the input of only the respective subjects grades."
"A lightweight PCL framework that helps you develop MVVM Xamarin.Forms 1.x / 2.x applications easily."
""
""
"Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera"
"Logiciels"
"Guia Foca Linux"
"Java program which allows the user to choose array size, sorting algorithm, worst, best or average case complexity. Based on the input, program will display the time consumption of the selected sorting algorithm"
""
"Trialing various git commands and procedures."
"A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here."
"Useful Matlab functions for csvread, timestamp, and comments."
"Advanced version of EventDebugger. where it provides space to draw and multi touch event."
""
""
"For Walden Assignments"
""
""
"Repository for TCC6440"
"Inspecter allows you to test you code easily and without boilerplates code"
"Drivers and patched DSDT/SSDT files"
""
""
""
""
"Home Simpsons D'oh!"
"my first test app"
"My website generated html deployed on "
"A simple balloon popper game for toddlers built using the concepts explained in ""Mastering Android Game Development"""
"curve designer"
"Game for the Hangover Game Jam"
""
"C Plus Plus Games"
""
"Seila asasasa as das das as as das "
"http://kdl.cs.umb.edu/w/datasets/craters/"
""
"ex1"
""
"Qoode github-pages website"
"Test"
""
"Frontend Blog Contenido Abierto App"
"This repository is about to practice programs from HackerRank."
""
"Why Say No To Free Basics"
"My latest MVC project"
"The Project To Hide a Server. "
""
"A simple python based application to execute code to remote device via ssh"
"First project for FEND"
"Blog UI by Golang"
""
"my dotfiles"
"First upload"
"openFrameworks addon to detect hands."
"My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)"
"basic angularjs search app repo"
""
""
"Lexicon: An Instant dictionary"
"Visualization of GOES gridded images"
"test"
"explore you ide like a champ"
""
""
"Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)"
""
"Magento module to disable customer registration through the disallowRegistration method"
"Spring MVC 4 RESTFul Web Service"
""
""
"PHP Zodiac Calculator"
"first repository"
""
"Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015."
""
"My DailyVenture site"
"Scabbia2 PHP Components"
"Ultracarros"
"Go bindings for LEGO Mindstorms EV3 running ev3dev."
"Scabbia2 Config Component"
"Scabbia2 Events Component"
"K-means"
"A tiny project with me trying to create a procedurally generated map in Unity."
"Matlab implementation of the Bayesian Fuzzy Clustering algorithms.  See related paper, doi: 10.1109/TFUZZ.2014.2370676"
"Scabbia2 LightStack Component"
"A custom hosts file with security in mind"
""
"Scabbia2 Scanners Component"
"An experimental project which uses the UDP protocol"
"python script for mirroring youtube videos"
""
"The commercial detection algorithm (CODA) is a simple way to detect similar patterns in a movie."
""
""
"Scabbia2 Tasks Component"
""
"Git and GitHub tutorial repository from Udacity"
"Scabbia2 Yaml Component"
""
"nodejs packaging helpers and utilities for openSUSE"
"Docker fish shell configurations"
"Scabbia2 Formatters Component"
"App to store information on new acquaintances so that you don't forget their names"
"First github repository"
""
"Scabbia2 Helpers Component"
"This is for learning Git and GitHub"
"Excercises for learning python bootcamp"
"Scabbia2 Router Component"
"A simple visualizer of the ""rippling"" effect in Whuffie"
""
""
"Scabbia2 Services Component"
"FreeCodeCamp exercises from http://www.freecodecamp.com/"
""
"Scabbia2 Testing Component"
"commit"
""
""
"Yet another test!"
"common repository for xperia z2/tab z2/ z3 /tab z3c"
""
"A Yes-No thing w/ arduino"
"force layout example with some helpful tricks to note...  try looking at gists for example, git wont serve png,"
"Scrapper API for twitter user data using Flask. Study purposes."
""
"android apk ukr.net mail"
""
"Version bumping without the b"
"A short tutorial on the basics of Branching with Git and Github"
"Different Dockerfiles"
"thesis"
""
"This is a latex template of my academic CV."
"Datatables with Angular module for Norad Framework"
""
"Norad Framework Core"
"Repo for my Advanced databases assignment. Almost finished anyway but I want the timestamp before submission "
"Programs created during first year at University of Maryland"
""
"A Selfie Caption Generation Network Using CNN and RNN with LSTM cells"
"New test repo"
"lunch voter"
"Norad Framework Command Line Interface"
"Scapes BBC weather for current observations"
""
""
""
"simple data access framework written in java"
""
""
""
"Woz Website"
"simple json serializer and deserializer framework, written in java"
"A Selfie Caption Generation Network Using CNN and RNN with LSTM cells"
"Homebrew tap for general utilities"
""
"Full stack application feature JS, Spring, and Cassandra"
""
"Just a fun multiplayer battleship game...for fun."
"Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment"
"Adalogger Based Solar Power Tracker"
""
""
"A quiz to help mentally calculate days of the week for any day this century and vice versa"
"Wikipedia dump => graph"
""
""
""
"the http2 module"
"A software to create 3D models for key blanks, bumpkeys and regular keys"
"A practice social site, built using the MEAN stack"
"A list of simple Ansible roles we use in our project "
""
""
""
""
"Different experiments using Node.js"
"Team assigment for 2ID60"
"Use singleton pattern with MongoDB native driver on Node JS"
"My solutions for the project euler problems written in C/C++."
""
"Aaa"
""
"Amazon data parser"
""
""
""
"Simple dynamic Node.js application built using Treehouse course"
"SPS Test"
"CallHistoryLog Mobile Application"
"B.U.R.N is an Url Redirectioni &Longernizer service standing on a single webpage without the need of a server-side interpreter."
"PetFolio"
"OpenScad projects for 3-d printing"
"My webpage"
""
"Installing Debian on the Microsoft Surface Pro 4"
""
"this is a web for tada con"
""
"Simple ""Hello, World"" app with Angular 2 beta"
"Linux driver for Realtek 802.11ac"
""
""
""
""
"A Web Application to Find Value of Pi"
""
""
""
"Blogging Web App in CodeIgniter (Php Framework)"
"Simple Scripts and Docs about Apache Spark"
"wings to fly"
""
"First Repository"
""
"hn-b"
"Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/detectdisplays"
"Exile.Altis Server noch am bauen"
""
"Trinket Based Electric 3-Phase Trimmer Controller"
"Nothing to see here..."
"automated paddings and margins via Scss/Sass"
""
"A light Weight App for Testing Multiplayer Game Dev Using Lidgren"
"Spare parts for DJI Flameweel drone frames"
"Magento module to disable customer registration through the disallowRegistration method"
""
"Custom Section plugin for Impress Pages CMS"
"A little GNU Radio play space to demonstrate how FM Radio works"
""
"Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)"
"Middleware providing a crispy fresh cache for HTTP responses."
""
"CryptoppECC-Encryption/Decryption using ECC(Elliptic curve cryptography) for iOS and MacOSX"
""
"Att Summit Hackathon"
"PenBox - A Penetration Testing Framework - The Tool With All The Tools , The Hacker's Repo"
"that analog clock on the big red ancient monolith"
"Sniffing SIP traffic and forwarding it via TCP to a statistics server (e.g. for creating CDRs)"
""
"AngularJS using ES6 with gulp and browserify."
"backend for the notes app."
""
""
""
""
"Machine learning library and projects in matlab"
""
"C++ array for getting average"
"Added a few comments"
"Archive of little projects I've made to play with new languages (computer and human) or work through a text."
""
"Webpack loader for snazzy (Format JavaScript Standard Style as Stylish)"
"A bunch of self-hosted services packed into one Docker host"
"P0limed"
""
"Learning github"
""
""
""
"making magic cards in meteor"
"Pinball controller based on TivaC eval. board compatible with the `Mission Pinball` API"
""
""
"for testing"
"Backup scripts using DAR"
""
"static and slightly dynamic pages with rsPec and stock"
"app for testing "
"Sample AS/Intellij Android project using retrolambda and Lightweight-Stream-API"
"Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/102166/finding-closest-points-without-duplicates-and-given-distance-threshold"
""
"Core Data project"
"hackerrank problem solvings"
""
""
""
""
"Script to extract Virginia Supreme Court slip opinion information from court's webpage and convert to JSON"
""
"My /etc dir backup"
"Online e-Learning for Elderly Final Prototype Repository"
"First playground for VS2015"
""
"My personal emacs settings with Prelude"
""
""
""
""
"GitHub test"
""
"A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine"
"Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy"
"Practice programming projects for my sister"
""
""
"Simple Redis cache store"
""
""
"My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with"
"Make bots,together! "
""
"madeof.info blog"
"Redis-py backend for ASGI, with built-in sharding"
"Rust foreign function (FFI) bindings for the MTBL C library"
""
""
""
"Most popular interview's questions for .Net Web Developer position"
"laravel test"
"Use FBSDK frameworks to learn the Facebook login/logout button."
""
"An education collaboration app"
""
"CV3 is an eCommerce platform. This serves to act as an additional resource for personal use. If it helps you, enjoy."
""
"test1"
"A membership based platform to share vegan recipes."
""
"Learn Stuff - Software engineering - design patterns code samples."
""
"Check Tor exit node."
"Website Portfolio"
""
"Testing Spring JDBC + CDI"
"python project skeleton"
""
"Worthless piece of code"
"package list for Homebrew"
"Tic-tac-toe game with a TicTacToeBoard data type and a TicTacToeGame data type."
""
"proyecto final app distribuidas"
"Docker image for compiling Java webapps and deploying to installed Tomcat"
""
"A practice Django app for naming imaginary animals"
"first tutorial"
"Add more social services to your Firefox Share button"
"read temperature using N Pt100 sensors in series and set output level simulating NTC connected to third party device  "
"Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015."
"Windows Azure Loader"
""
""
""
"Trying out vert.x 3"
""
"Files for stylekit.org"
"blog"
""
""
""
"Toy example of D3 used for making a browser game. Hits performance limitation pretty fast. "
""
"Yet another productivity application"
""
"Simple to complex codes for Python by me."
""
""
"An Application to study English "
"keep your steam online"
"Main project"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"My portfolio"
""
""
"ATM scenario  built with TDD."
"My Portfolio Project"
"Concepts learned and projects that were made using AngularJS"
"A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application"
"Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)"
"My practice from books"
"UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)"
"Control you Nec LCD monitor from a Unix command line"
"Some resources for Raspberry Pi"
""
""
""
""
"Color palette managment software based on Ajax for Contao 4."
"My webapplication"
"Simplified cache module"
"Emergency Medical Aid based on Internet of things"
"a space for the experimental construction of an rpg of beautiful simplicity and retrostylistic pixel art awesomeness"
""
"My backup of configs in $HOME"
"group project 1  G-22"
"Test server"
"arduino_rfid_robot"
"Code written when reading https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/"
"page1"
"The scripts running on hamming carrying out various doorbot and display-related functionalities. "
"Object required, "
"Library and multi-object file format for storing and managing data between machines, https://www.hdfgroup.org/products/hdf4/"
"Re-code the traceroute command in c"
"codecademy course"
"Poulsbopete.com code"
"Create a library with webpack to be used by bower"
"My actual blog"
"testing repository"
"First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)"
""
"Small project as exercise for school"
""
"This is a simple address-demo for exploratory purposes."
"VAE"
""
""
"One off project for converting CSV to JSON"
"eedomus plugin for homebridge"
"popover component for angular applications"
"The HappyBot makes people happy"
"GetHub Tutorial"
"Scripts for modeling the production and concentration of superoxide from the MCLA chemiluminescence assay"
""
"Simple Fading Testimonials Widget (Wordpress Plugin)"
""
""
""
"Personalised color schemes for Intellij-IDEA"
"My github page"
""
"Docker images for physical computing (Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO)"
""
"Personal web site"
"This is a test repository"
"todo app"
"A boilerplate for creating ES6 graphical applications. Includes babel, localhost serving and packaging as a node-webkit app"
""
".vimrc, .bash, .zshrc....."
""
""
"A slack bot that fetches information about mailchimp subscribers"
""
""
"Training robots to play in robocup competition using NEAT algorithm."
"Z-Mark: Better Bookmarks"
""
""
"The source code for my Android app, Wave Runner"
"Maker and hacker projects lists."
"test of ThreeJS + Webpack + HMR"
"practicing making apps with simplified D&D simulator"
"For MotorCycle Installment Management System"
""
"Command-line translator english to thai with log"
""
""
"Third year Operating Systems Project"
"This is a magento module example using modman"
"C++ server, creates a new process for each connecting client"
"Gossip and PushSum Algorithm implementation in Scala using Akka framework"
"Time tracking C++/Qt application"
"Tools for playing with php tokens"
"Graphical Processing Systems project"
"A website which states your geolocation"
"Set of tools for dealing with time data"
"Parses simple HTMLFile systems that use tables to organize files"
"Research simulations exploring wisdom of the crowd versus knowledge of an expert."
""
"Rock Paper Scissors Plus mobile App"
"Personal Home Page"
"Honey encryption library (work in progress)."
"A Dockerfile for an Apache 2 reverse proxy with basic auth (hard coded user)"
"A simple SSH-like server"
""
"Udacity - Android Developer Nanodegree - Project 4"
"KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Website for the course"
"Grabs a random image from Wikipedia and provides 3 choices for the correct title."
"Medical system in java"
"My first repository"
""
"A Virtual Bluetooth 4.0 Cycling Power Server"
"Chrome extension using materialize"
"Badmash Company"
""
""
""
""
"Downloader for c3 mp4 files"
""
""
"My custom dotfiles, using ZSH"
""
""
""
""
"The deployed website"
"A high-throughput and modular workflow to quality control shotgun metagenomic DNA sequence libraries"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"mDNS-SD browser (for Windows, Linux and OSX)"
""
""
""
"All of my android work. Includes Toast exercise, SQLite exercise, "
""
"Learn JavaScript by examples"
"Example scripts for OpenCV (Python)."
"a basic hybrid cordova app"
"Text Mining with Java tf-idf and more"
"web-based tool usage timer for maker space. server implemented in flask python web framework. Runs on linux, and PC"
"An easy-to-use library to resolve dependencies in a dependency tree"
"Just another repository"
"Manage your personal Budget on your own server"
""
""
"Workbench"
"test repository"
"Playing with Pebble Watch faces!"
"My Border Setups in Css"
""
""
""
""
"Sync Song Player for Roommates"
""
""
"A toolbox for (micro)benchmarking of C programs on x86_64."
"my website"
"just a project"
"Nowadays everything needs a progress bar."
"A simple Java software module for processing package dependencies."
"repository for my test code"
""
""
""
"A Google Spreadsheet <-> XML converter for Ninokuni"
""
"A @p5xjs game, made by @sergeography and @danbernier. Eat some flies!"
"Data for my blog"
""
"MVC PHP Build based on JREAM Tutorial"
"1"
""
""
""
""
"A better UX for Blender"
"Telegram Urbanbot"
""
""
"This is a simple C# program that find the average of an array and the highest and lowest value of an array with the help of functions"
"This is the game board game Othello"
"""Make your app Material"" - Udacity Nanodegree P5. Materialize the XYZ Reader"
""
""
"Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages"
""
"The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React"
"Its for fun, troll your friends, get the mto UPGRADE!"
""
"Android app to display the contents of your Google Calendar on a Simple Nook eReader (although it should also work on other Android based eReaders)."
"The assignments from Stanford Natural Language Processing Course on Coursera, started Jan 2016, Finished Jan 2016"
""
""
"Testbed for building with GN, Ninja and CppUTests"
"The Prosper Community Blog"
"webpage of byte23"
"Batch-run Jupyter IPython notebooks optionally passing arguments. "
""
"Sends emails when news posts are made to a multi"
"Implementations of the most well known algorithms applied in Machine Learning in Octave/MATLAB. "
""
"Enhanced Start - Program Launcher"
"Business Support System - Core Component"
"My final project for ECE241 (U of T). It's a single-player version of the arcade game ""Pong"" implemented in Verilog."
""
"Customizable sticky notes for the web. Chrome extension"
"Proof Of Concept App for Barcode Scanning in Android"
"Robot Arm Trifecta - West Ottawa Science Olympiad"
"Apache Docker image with configurable ServerName"
""
""
"Files for sumeshp.com"
"My dot emacs"
""
"SevenTX plugin - Flash"
""
"BIBM paper"
"OpenCV demonstrator (GUI)"
"Apache Docker image with SSL turned on and a configurable ServerName."
"Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015"
"Pixel Muncher Game (v0.5 beta) for the Pebble Smartwatch - Compatible with Aplite and Basalt (not Chalk)"
""
""
""
""
"Dead simple python module for sending sms/mms messages from smtp(email)."
""
""
""
""
""
"O group of scss mixins"
"This repository contains executable applications created by Changing Places Group, MIT Media Lab."
"Packer image build scripts."
""
"Editor and integrated assembler for Atmel ATmega88 microcontrollers"
"POC App for Facebook Login Integration"
""
"Gulp plugin that improves your site with modern web standards."
""
""
"testing"
"A port of libepoxy to emscripten"
"List of Opinion Words (positive/negative) in Bahasa Indonesia for Sentiment Analysis."
""
"A basic ionic hybrid app"
"Explore the secret of sorting algorithm."
"Theme for Ghost blogging engine"
"Proof Of Concept project on Android for GPS Geolocation"
"A diary of C/C++ exercises and examples"
"My first test repository"
""
"A fork of NFCLockscreenoffEnabler for Marshmallow"
"Angular playground for http://www.mundmische.de."
"A bot for the card game BS."
"7900f865554d9e3a68f747c813a310d77b97f957"
"A lightweight wrapper for SQLite written in Swift"
"hello world"
"This is where I teach myself things"
":bird: Template for creating a tweetbot with AWS Lambda"
"Coursework for coursera machine learning class"
""
""
"Laundry Portal"
""
""
"Using LocomotiveCMS for ocgbl site"
""
"Simple blog with flask"
"Time Series Analysis and Forecasting using R"
"A app for Nielson Hackathon"
""
"add project"
"Its my first repository."
""
"Web time tracking tool. "
"Pew pew pew"
"Testing specific features of https://github.com/miekg/dns"
"Custom text highlighting in UILabel"
"The Party Button"
"style guide for New England VegFest"
""
"A Connect 4 Game featuring an AI"
"the first repository"
""
"My bash settings"
"The Magic Mirror Webserver"
""
""
"Collection of tree data structures and iterators for each."
"Bugs polymorphed"
"Repo to track theme implementation on tru production server"
"A file system is designed using C Language where the sector size is 512 Bytes. It is a CUI where we can create, open and delete a file or directory and read, write and seek from a file."
""
""
"Updates multiple rows when using GridFieldExtensions -> GridFieldEditableColumns"
"Advanced Timer Creation App for sending advanced timers to Pebble Time app Shower Time by Dale Flamm"
"My dotfiles"
""
"Link to Website for User Plots"
"A social network android app based on locations"
""
"Proof of concept for generation of Codecs for case classes for standard MongoDB Scala Driver using macro annotations"
""
""
"Simple SSIS for VIsual Studio 2013"
"jQuery Kreisdiagramm"
"OTP Reading for Android - Automatically reades SMS for verification purpose in Android , read otp from sms android"
"Aprender Japones"
"This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School."
"Google Maps with Rails"
""
""
""
"Convert number words (eg. twenty one) to numeric digits (21)"
"Contact list app with ActiveRecord exercise for W3D2 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp"
"XMLHttpRequest wrapper."
"some fun experiments"
""
"Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)"
"A Ruby gem wrapper for hearthstoneapi.com"
""
""
":truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component"
"A toy project in Erlang to learn the ropes"
""
""
"Gem made from airport challenge"
""
"Integrated ng-file-upload with mean.js"
"Ember app for finding tasty recipes"
"Smarty Basic"
"My personal blog where I talk about technical concepts related to being a front-end web developer"
"Angular captcha is a angular directive. It is providing captch functionality without server integration"
""
""
"Starting"
""
"A bot for the game VC"
"Android app for font detection"
"Personal blog"
""
"Simple prototype."
""
""
"Labos profila"
"Simple React app for GitHub search API"
""
"getting started"
""
"Just playing around"
"Data mining using Facebook API"
""
""
"Golang code for simple Monte Carlo simulations "
""
""
"MEAN Stack App (MongoDB + Express + Angular + Node) with AngularJS and MongoLab"
""
""
"Simple quiz app"
""
""
"2016 AT&T hackathon "
""
""
""
"An iOS app for a food ordering website http:/treathunger.com ."
""
""
"A set of 'HelloWorld' demos using various GWT and SmartGWT architectures including HTTP and DMI"
"Game based on Hamlet made for a Grade 12 English creative assignment using SFML."
"Take a picture with a Raspberry Pi and upload it to S3"
"Tideland Erlang/OTP Cells"
"Access Soundcloud content through a filtered way."
"Minecraft Server Launcher"
"waplugin"
"practices about RoR"
"sounds for arduino"
"adventofcode.com solutions"
""
"Testing Github"
""
"eXeLearning with native saving in standard ePUB files and pure HTML/Javascript interaction templates (iDevices).  Work in progress."
"A real time strategy game. Still in early development. Initially created/started by Alex Nordhausen (Namone)"
"A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves"
"Creates a spectrogram PNG suited for synchronized Full HD display."
"Boilerplate for projects that require js bundling and minification and sass/scss compilation to css"
"An opinionated  JavaScript styleguide."
""
""
"indiankalaniketan.com"
"This Arduino code will generate a fully customizable (channel number, polarity, ppm frame length, pulse length) ppm signal without using delays."
""
""
"Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command"
""
"This Arduino code reads a PPM signal and puts the servo values into an array (called ppm), reagrdless of channel number, polarity, ppm frame length, etc..."
""
"A CIELCH colour space for the JUCE framework. "
"A map of NSFW subreddits"
"A repository for practicing cloning a remote repository."
""
"Hello world standalone example using Uni.rs unikernel"
"Some my C and C++ code examples which I made during study new technology."
""
"A very basic hands on Android Kitkat"
""
""
"source"
"30 Days of Code"
"Atom package to clean your repo"
"Look up closing price data of any stock with it's stock symbol over a defined date range."
"PureTV_Helper 1.0"
"Proof of concept - Move a simple shape around using keyboard controls"
""
""
""
""
"This is the 4th App for the course"
""
"A basic App showing Fragment Display properties in Android"
"List types for an Android application."
"Wearable arm-band for detecting theta and phi rotation with applications for both VR and fitness."
"test repositori occso"
"This repository has solutions to the challenges I attempted. "
"Provides a consistent API to interact with various synthesizers via MIDI messages. Platform independent."
""
"Word"
""
"Fine selection of small Verilog modules under MIT license"
"Initial commit"
""
"Web resources loader/cacher."
"learning ruby on rails"
"Translator that converts normal text into the vowel-based ooo language."
"Tools used at CanucksArmy"
"Portfolio site:"
""
""
""
"A POC project to demonstrate AndroidGridView"
"Basic Tic-Tac-Toe game"
"Automatically reply to Tweets that contain specified phrase(s) with a custom message."
"Build Go programs that run directly on the Xen hypervisor"
"Code used for CEEO and STOMP"
"This is my first GitHub! I'm using this project as a way to learn a system that is new to me."
"Correctly predicts the 2012 Presidential Election for all 50 states"
""
"Converting existing site to jekyll"
""
"Event management for Monstra"
""
"Confluent Stream Data Platform on Single Docker Container"
"A library with several custom DOM elements."
"Practicing purpose"
""
""
""
"A POC Project to demonstrate Android Linear Layout"
"Controller to run a squeezebox controller with rotary encoder and I2C OLED display on a raspberry pi"
"Code generator for galleries to insert in shopify blog posts"
"Hi there"
"Simple Magento 2 module that shows uses of Controller, Block & Template."
"Classify microarray data"
"IoT Shared Parking"
""
"Some Low level stuff with linux using C and python"
"A simple implementation of rsync algorithm for efficient file synchronization."
"Decontextualized Violent Action Game"
""
"Birthday reminder through SMS"
"See YouTube: https://github.com/michaelbiafore/RemoteExample.git"
"Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities"
"reproducible pipeline to go along with work for semantic-image-comparison"
""
"Django application that provides a set of tools for auditing requests and models and improve logging"
"My approach on Project Euler challenges using Go"
"Patches and objects, and maybe some code, for the axoloti audio development board. www.axoloti.com"
"initial commit"
"Shared ESLint config for kubism JavaScript"
"A project developed privately to benefit the public by generating interest in the study of history through interactive resources."
""
""
""
"Frontend of XLeague"
"Monthly Calendar"
"i am using this repo to test atom editor behaviour"
""
"A small app built with flask for the final project of ud330 Full Stack Foundations class for udacity. "
"ReactJS / Node / Mongo project for nerdy stuff"
""
"Detailed Blackjack game implemented with casino rules"
"A simple Spam mail filter using Naive Bayes Classification method"
"moviesb api testing and udacity project"
""
""
""
"ho-ho-ho"
""
"This is a landing page fro vetting contractors for working on MetaChi"
"A OkHttp 3 client implementation for Retrofit 1."
"The website for HCET Notix Project."
"v1.0"
""
""
"This repo contains the codes that I write for learning the MEAN full stack framework"
"Restful proxy to interact with MPD"
"My version of the BBC Website "
""
"Observation domain basemap with shaded relief"
"Operation scripts for Glyphoid (e.g., data and deployment)"
""
""
""
""
"A common place to compile resources of use to the research group"
"Pachyderm is a web-based rich-media interactive presentation authoring and publishing system."
"A website template layout"
"A POC project to demonstrate android List View"
""
""
"website"
""
"Prototype"
"testing"
"Test2"
"Database of Permaculture plants and their functions"
"This is the first app we built in the iOS course"
""
"A tutorial for using Angular's built-in filters."
""
""
"Simon Zelazny's Blog"
""
"This is a simple text adventure game. "
"Free Antpool PHP-API-Client"
"An Android app to consume NASA RSS Feed"
"Music Player"
""
""
""
"Several methods, including to calculate a range of primes, determine whether a given number is prime, and return prime factors of a number"
"App for https://github.com/goeuro/dev-test"
""
"The newspapers published by the San Andreas News Agency on the SAES MTA Roleplaying server in Summer 2012."
""
"tutorial"
"RC Tx PPM to Linux uinput Joystick adapter"
""
" A curated list of awesome actionhero.js resources!"
"This is a interactive photo gallery with a real time search box that filters the images. I used HTML, CSS and jQuery to build up this project."
""
"the second repository"
"JavaFX application for managing workers and the work they do"
"Simple java server websocket and client websocket"
"Portfolio Website"
"Ever wished to play a MU* from the comfort of your IRC client?  Well now you can!"
"billboard demo"
""
""
"Monumental Archive Project"
"Mmmm... modularity.."
"OCAOCP"
"Turn N*M pictures into a single NxM grid of pictures"
"A library that interfaces with SharedPreferences and makes it easy to store data across devices including Android Wear syncing"
"A little WPF-Application for creating and working with flashcards."
""
""
"Uses Apple stocks from the past 15 years to determine buying and selling shares"
"A POC App to demonstrate android relative layout"
""
""
"Freeride skiing competition scorekeeping"
"An artist bot which uses genetic algorithms on mathematical expression trees to generate artsy animated GIFs."
"An app to keep track on personal debt and credit"
"koa role middleware for use with koa-jwt"
"Baal Dan's Website :)"
"A python frontend for an arduino controlled thermostat"
"Confluent Stream Data Platform on Single Docker Container"
"Setlist Data Connector for Tableau"
"New Payments Platform repo"
""
"This python code uses rawpy, astropy and astrometry.net  to stack together deep sky images."
"A GUI for Monero, coded in Electron."
""
"my first git experience"
"Codepath University Spring 2016"
""
"Collection of homework assignments, papers and source code created while earning BS at the Evergreen State College"
"A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO"
""
"A POC app to demonstrate simple RSS Reader in Android"
"A game thingy made using Pygame, for Python learning (and fun!) purposes."
"Servo driven International Space Station (ISS) Tracking Pointer"
"economy simulator"
"An AngularJS Expense Calculator"
"K-Way Merge Sort, implemented using both a Heap, and a conventional, slower method. Written in Python."
"Instrumentation Experiments"
"Brooke Burnside Ceramic Art | Architecture Portfolio Site"
"Maps App using Google Maps SDK for iOS (Swift iOS) ."
"utility scripts for the pi"
"Applying convoluted neural networks to the Stanford 40 Actions dataset."
"My Java repository"
""
"Small Megaman X game made in Phaser.js"
""
"Simple RSS Reader made using atom electron and vue.js"
"A POC app to demonstrate android table layout"
""
"develop react-redux to learning any more"
"Simplified backup tool written in python"
"Autonomous Airfield and resource management script"
"Day planner including appointment calendar and contact book. "
"Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115012/report-for-a-restaurant-showing-hourly-sales-information-for-a-given-timespan"
""
""
"Program to get and solve astronomical pictures from an DSLR camera"
""
"Password Manager desktop app"
""
"Mocassin is a CSS library of hover effects for images, powered by Sass. It's Responsive :)"
""
"My first repository on GitHub"
"Monokai Extended dark syntax theme for Atom editor"
""
""
""
"Setting up a new Mac"
"A repo of vegan recipes"
""
"front-end viewport for logging"
"Tools for competitive programming: downloader, code template, autotester"
"Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice"
""
""
"A very nice maintenance site!"
""
"Test Internet Connection Using C# .Net."
""
"Servo driven International Space Station (ISS) Tracking Pointer"
"Small script that allows you to download movies from the ZDF mediathek"
""
"EverGenCo database"
"Pop bubbles"
"Geppetto Stripe Activity"
"Demos a AWS lambda function written in node that pulls messages from SQS and saves to DynamoDb"
""
""
"overflow"
"Ansible playbook - LEP stack (2-tier)."
""
"Ruby gem that will inject the Skeleton library in your project."
"Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories"
"A quick and dirty bracket that only works in chrome for a casual smash bros tourney with my friends"
"Starter kit for building an Angular 1.x app using Typescript with webpack bundling"
""
"My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber."
""
"Arduino controlled UFO light display"
"Github of the epic Terraria mod development team (Wirklich fandasdisch!)"
""
"a simple rest service "
"This program is written in Java. This program will determine if an inputted phone number  (as a string) is a palindrome or not. I will be using String, string tokenizer, string buffer, formatting and long integer methods whenever possible (and will be usi"
"Keeping a journal to keep track of stuff: ideas, readings, and more"
""
"A simple annotation based java dispatcher"
"Interactive test suites for PureScript"
""
""
"EIGEN: Robot Calcualtion of coordinates of the point of interest"
"The main page of Funsites with all the sites."
""
"Material Design implementation with style guide"
"Docker orchestration of Debian LEP stack (3-tier)."
"Python serial terminal"
"A server for time-based-map-reduce"
"Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org)."
""
""
"Easily create software"
"Version 1 of MeMe app- creates memes"
""
""
""
"An open-source alternative to Synthesia"
"SampleBPMProject"
""
"Felix bindings for Midifile"
"appointment partial implemented"
""
""
"A tickrate enabler for Source engine games"
""
""
"Simple rest service to resize images dynamically"
"Webpack Typescript React Testing with Karma"
"Front End Web Developer Portfolio"
"Symfony2 API example"
""
":computer: Distributed File Server Lab Project for Distributed Systems course"
"A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work."
""
""
""
""
"Check installed versions of node and npm"
"Create your own magazines from bookmarked articles!"
"A lightweight Node/Angular2 app to let my friends and family know what foods I can eat"
"Udacity Course Work"
""
"Script for HellDivers community"
""
"Docker Hacking Image"
""
"Minify and compress your SQL scripts to help make your applications run faster, smoother and more efficient by improving your SQL queries run time. Please visit - "
""
""
"Packages for Node and Bower"
""
""
"A website containing the truth about molten-wow / warmane / arena-tournament servers and its staff. (coming soon)"
"site for ichor"
""
""
""
"weewx extension that POSTs live wx data to remote RESTful endpoint"
""
"This is the base repo for the Spring 2016 offering of ""Data Science"" at Olin College."
""
"Simple integration with github api"
"Threaded to the core"
"Cata from codewars.com ( 4 kyu )"
""
""
"Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs"
"Hello World example"
"tracking a rectangular piece of retroreflective tape"
"kcRover Ground Station software"
"Docker scripts to create lambdacube development environment"
""
"Das Lordvader Shop Plugin"
"A library for creating light weight web applications."
"A personal adaptive index for org."
""
"TodoMVC with server-side rendering"
"First Playing with Github desktop"
"downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015"
"App for playing with Realm"
"Namespaces for TypeScript compiled Meteor"
"Laravel project"
"LEARNING HTML"
""
""
"Conversion from Signal K to NMEA 0183"
""
""
""
"Joint K-means"
"Mode Emotions Mturk Study 2 (code & csv)"
"Small lib for ROOT Data Analysis integration"
"Example web server from node.js developer course"
""
"Arduino sketch for controlling undercounter DotStar LED strips. Uses a PIR sensor for motion detect and a light sensor"
"Osvaldo Malvizzati Painter - Personal Website"
"linux dotfiles managed via gnu stow"
""
""
"CS 188: Artificial Intelligence, UC Berkeley"
":herb: Dynamic data sharing made simple."
"materials/parts/instructions for low-budget and diy nanoscience"
""
""
"Simple sound manager for Unity"
""
"Main Repo for All Platforms"
"A client webpage which turns mathematical expression trees to artsy animated GIFs."
""
"Python module finder/loader from github, like in golang"
"find project"
"First web dev project"
""
"screenshare chrome extension for tokbox"
""
""
"repos for exercise"
""
"This web application is a date planner. Useful for people who want to manage their schedule to go on date with multiple matches online. Copyrighted material!"
"Experiments for the kaggle training competition"
"In this project, I seek to build a machine learning algorithm that can identify Enron employees who might have committed fraud from the Enron financial and email dataset."
"A curses-based hex editor"
"na edmuchawke"
"Pixi.js template using ES6/2015"
""
"Turn 2-Dimensional SVG Paths into 3-Dimensional STL Meshes"
"Another attempt at a timeseries database"
""
""
"My Personal Website"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"A multiplayer 2d topdown arcade game, made with Unity"
"A working tree of a remodeled default Blender configuration."
"Sets common environment variables for a Bash library on Linux"
""
"An essay exploring different async techniques in JavaScript."
"App Portfolio"
"Get as close to the number as possible. 2D game for mobile phone and tablets."
""
""
"Take spotify playlists and reorder them so that the songs are in an order that sounds good."
"Program AB is the reference implementation of the AIML 2.0 - Artificial Intelligence Markup Language. AIML is a widely adopted standard for creating chat bots and virtual assistants like ALICE, Mitsuku, English Tutor, The Professor, S.U.P.E.R. and many mo"
""
""
""
"Rails 5 api template app"
"A C++ library for update checking and automatic updating of the software distributed via GitHub releases"
""
""
"A JS, CSS Component for Mini-PopOvers in style of OS X El Capitan."
"github.io"
""
"Following along http://c.learncodethehardway.org"
"Flexible Brooks Baseball's corrected Pitch f/x data importer"
"AuthorizeNet"
""
"For rosalind problems"
"First stab at an embeddabble cms"
"we start this folder for billing software"
"Android app containing popular mathematics theorems"
""
""
"IRC bot"
""
"DT, tech test"
""
"ImPPG (Image Post-Processor)"
"Tile Word Game for Scholars"
"Default scripts for wormbot"
"Reverses a string using a simple algorithm :)"
""
"OS X Screensaver"
"Proyecto web services back"
""
"Javascript powered dynamic html table with filtering, sorting and other opportunities"
"OpenCV 3.0 based facial image recognition app "
""
""
"URL shortening service evercise for freeCodeCamp"
"Personal Blog of a Tech Lover"
"CSS Flexbox Essentials"
"Lexicographic Sorting"
""
"A dockerized Jupyter server for data science."
""
"Odysseus - AT&T Hackathon"
"My dotfiles for Unix systems"
"Test repository"
""
"Instructions for OS X Yosemite 10.10 with the mini breakout board"
"Fix the Who-List Display in WoW 1.12.1"
"A simple example of an app created using Ransack and Rex."
"Python project for calculating and storing class statistics."
"A list of papers I read in 2016"
"Image super-resolution application using adaptative Wiener filtering"
""
"I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail"
"Factory Combiner board test"
"Simple flickr app create with ES2015"
"A rock paper scissors game using meteor"
""
""
"Scout of the most challenging championship all around the world!"
"Separate repository for Asteroids Game from home"
"I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress..."
"SVG Fundamentals"
"Replacement of TypedActors"
"Linked List Random Java Integers"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Asset migration utilities for Scala"
"pierwsze przykladowe repozytorium"
"Simple bulls and cows game in javascript"
"Web project, what is help CONVERSATION Students & Tutors about CODE TASKS."
"textlint rule that check spell using SJSJ(Simplified JavaScript Jargon)."
""
""
"OTP stack kata"
"Toying with hadoop"
"Jekyll source of site"
""
""
""
"A value semantics smart pointer for C++"
""
"Android Launcher App"
"My own utility collections"
""
"access net via terminal scripting"
"site design"
"Simon Says game to learn object-oriented programming"
""
""
"Local sandbox for mucking around with Docker. Requires Vagrant and VirtualBox."
"A utility for building a list of breadcrumbs from chopped URL's."
""
"This is a custom matlab routine that automatically measures gel diameters from experiment images."
""
"Public code releases for FRC 3081 Kennedy RoboEagles."
"a photo app that allows users to apply filters to photos and save the images to their computer - scotch.io"
""
"Karma Landing Page Clone"
""
""
"Source files for the shiny website loopyape.com"
"Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react"
"SaturnV rocket"
"Posting and Reading from a website using Parse DBAS"
"Test program "
"Simple and Fun Flask app to create fake job listings using Markov Chains from Indeed API"
""
"A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications."
"Profile website"
"abcde plugin for OpenMediaVault"
"Updated Unzipped  Application Files For Front End "
""
"Curso Git da Code Education"
"An angular directive that binds an element to its parents mouse movements. Allowing it to follow the mouse where ever the mouse is positioned over the parent."
""
""
""
"A simple flashlight app for Android"
""
""
"Math quiz with an angry, offensive tutor. Written in Ruby."
"http://pace-calculator.amartynov.ru"
""
"A statistical analysis of card value in Hearthstone."
"a simple PWM, mosfet shield to drive led strips with the C.H.I.P."
"Hackathon AT&T"
""
"A web portal that makes it easy to impart education digitally"
""
""
"A program to parse Minecraft Forge recipes, and turn them into FTB Wiki templates"
"This demonstrates the use of multidimensional arrays with this gradebook version"
"seiya is a dedicated tool for freelancers/outsourcers."
"Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database"
"A minimal x86 kernel"
""
"Testbench for integration testing of the JUnit-Tools plug-ins."
""
"Starter kit working with Gulp and assets"
"Plugin to provide autocompletion for the virtual keyboard (needs skin support)"
""
"Doanes Invoice"
""
"A simple, but growing, script to run scans on targets written in Python."
"retrieve statistics about your Hallon mobile broadband subscription"
""
""
"A pie (baked dish) weight guesser application, for the Mohicanen."
"Personal Site"
""
"Leavylip orchestrator"
"SCSS components for rapid design prototyping"
"home task for selectors"
""
"To-do application build using mercuryjs"
"Temperature Monitor based on Adafruit HUZZAH ESP8266"
"Go tour tutorial"
"Gentoo ebuilds for Tellstick software"
""
":heavy_plus_sign::heavy_minus_sign::heavy_multiplication_x::heavy_division_sign:  PHP library for arbitrary precision arithmetic, operating on signed integers, rational numbers, and floating-point numbers: WIP"
"client side scripts to help maintain our websites and online tools"
"My website"
"hompage of fg"
"Standing / Sitting Timer Electron App"
""
"Helpers created by skyjaz software"
"Implementation of x-callback-url (Inter app communication) in swift"
"Spring + AngularJS template application"
""
"Library module providing some autocompletion functionality"
"python the hard way tutorial/book"
""
"1st steps in becoming a web developer :)"
"Sketch plugin that adds instagram filters to image layer"
"A Internet Weather clock, using servos to move clock arms to the current weather"
"Teste"
""
"This is a list of tech coops that are either forming or looking for new members."
""
"The travelling salesman problem solved using simulated annealing..."
"Simple Docker image for testing SSL certificates"
"Making some Arduino stuff"
"linear algebra written in lua for speed and learning."
""
"Control a servo angle by serial monitor of an arduino"
"retrieve information from the volvo on call (voc) web service"
""
"A place for people to share stories about when someone helped them out"
"Vector Drawing App written in Direct2D and MFC"
"Convert rtl_433 output to weatherunderground updates"
"Tone generator for text and hyperlinks."
""
"Simple dockerfile for use with wercker to compile android 6.0 projects"
"API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js"
""
"Intro and Next Steps in Foundation"
"Basic Repository for Generic Files and Folders"
""
"Recipe book"
"File-based sensor (motion or contact) for Homebridge"
"EEG-Oscilliascope DIY with Arduino"
"2nd assignment for 2IMV20 (Visualization) at Eindhoven University of Technology"
"Modern 3D OpenGL engine."
"A chemistry canvas game using create.js"
"LibreNAS website"
""
"A scaffold for building progressive webapps with angular, typescript and other modern tooling"
"uses latest yahoo finance site to retrieve data into mongodb or dynamically for analysis"
"A system bot written in Elixir"
"Wall Bumper"
"Processing game with a twist on the classic game of craps. Added betting and levels to get past. Good game to play for a short while"
"Dialog that handles operations in background"
"Sailfish OS configuration package for Xiaomi Redmi 1S WCDMA (armani)"
"Stream Hearthstone PegasusPackets to stdout"
""
"Use of built in arrays, but now I used multidimensional arrays to store students grades"
"Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. "
"server for statistics for manga reader written with spring boot on kotlin"
""
""
"A Wurm server side mod for Ago's launcher wich add a spell to bind spirits to boats to speed them up (also a shameless ripoff of BagOfHolding by Ago)"
"Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with."
"Turbot scraper for http://missions.opencorporates.com/missions/779/"
""
""
""
"Resources for the Sonic Interaction Design Course HS 2015"
"Programming data structures using C plus plus"
"An Android application that takes notes"
"Docker project for creating teamspeak servers."
""
""
"App for drawing symmetric patterns"
"Base visual component implementation."
"My personal Docker containers I use for development."
"Falling Blocks website"
""
"Mitxel Moriana dev blog"
"Senior Design 2016 code collaboration"
""
""
""
"Reading 20 books in 2016."
"Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django"
""
"PostCSS branding files"
""
"A Forge mod to drop melon blocks instead of slices"
"Nodejs chat app"
"Source code for my blog"
""
"Download script for grabbing data out of a twonky media server"
"elm experimentation"
"ruby 2.3.0 development"
"An JavaFX based application that allows offline and online playback mode. (Designed for Exea Media)."
"My Quadrapod project"
""
"Codes for data analysis, preprocessing, classification and clustering"
"Binaries archive/releases of the AnyToISO app"
"Our first app"
"Short course about web developement"
""
""
"A matching card game. Pretty self explanatory"
"PDO with Exception"
"Stater respository"
""
"My implementations of the apps from Udemy's course ""Build Apps with React Native"""
""
""
"Web page to find calorie of foods"
"Source code developed during summer internship."
""
"my first Repository on Github"
"A core implementation of all WakaTime C#-driven plugins for IDE such as VisualStudio, Xamarin Studio, Monodevelop etc"
"The Hello World project."
"This folder contains some usefull powershell scripts."
""
"asap2 framework"
"Drools project, PUT"
"Starting learn Java program language - 2016"
"Web radio receiver - DLNA audio renderer"
""
""
""
"Simple web frontend to label images with 0s and 1s"
""
""
""
""
""
"Playing with Dbreeze NoSql database"
"A JQuery plugin to interact with Axilent ACE"
"Solutions to various problems from Project Euler, in different languages."
""
""
"Binaries archive/releases of the Macs Fan Control app"
"Delphi 5 - Delphi XE+ general purpose library of routines."
"Shite I make while being really bored"
"Optimizer for Pythonlike language, for Compilation Theory course."
""
"This is a first attempt at building an Android application.  Very simple, more or less a ""hello world"""
""
""
"A SPA used for our wedding"
""
""
""
"A searchbot that quickly searches stuff for you on the web"
"View status of VNX Mirrorview mirrors via web or email report"
"Multi-tool mounting hardware for CNC machines supporting extruders, milling spindle, laser, microscope, depth probe, etc."
""
"Visual breakdown of tweets by month"
""
"Parses simple HTMLFile systems that use tables to organize files"
"Instructional projects that I have completed"
"My WIP mod"
"Configure your routes with simple syntax annotations"
"This repository contains the Python code for machine learning algorithms. (With and Without SCIKIT)"
"This game is modeled after the traditional game snake. The object of the game is for the snake to eat a piece of food that appears randomly on the screen. As the snake, eats a piece of food it grows in length making the game more difficult. The score and "
"New portfolio site going up in Jekyll"
""
"Hit me!"
""
""
"shopquilling"
""
""
""
""
""
"Just my dotfiles..."
"Small arcade-style space shooter using C++ and SFML"
"Demo project for a blog post on using Ninject with Prism for Xamarin Forms"
""
"Django Project Git"
""
"Test javascript libraries using Mocha and Chai"
""
""
""
"Ithaka board game is played on a four by four square grid with three pieces in each of four colors."
""
"A simple Bytecode Interpereter and compliler"
""
""
"Attempting to decode an interesting wine bottle label."
"javaproject maze3d"
"Application handler for testing with loraserver."
""
"Allow firmware update of Pivos device (XS and DS) via Kodi addon"
"Hobby project for sharing songs"
"For showcasing professional portfolio, side projects, and blags."
"An example to show how to develop tomcat-based WebSocket application on Heroku"
""
"nginx installation using puppet standalone on rhel7"
"c++ and openGL chess program"
""
"raviwedsmanisha.in"
""
""
"Project for Dissertation"
""
""
"An Opal library for creating view models that use Knockout.js for dynamic HTML DOM updates and event handling."
"My DBC phase 0 GitHub pages site!"
""
"Play Battleship with your bros over Wi-Fi or Bro-tooth using your Android smartphone!"
"My hackerrank code"
"An easy ros fdm based on jsbsim"
"Jupyter/Ipython notebooks for physical chemistry course"
""
"This is a text editor application in java have similar look like windows notepad"
"Fluid dynamics component of Chemical Engineering Design Library (ChEDL)"
""
""
""
""
"Coursera - Functional Programming Principles in Scala"
""
"Python fans"
"Open-sourced code for the prestashop-sync.com webservice"
"Ansible playbook - Docker LEP stack (3-tier)."
"Simple script to notify via mail if your public ip has changed"
"Testing"
"Simple Snake Game with Phaser using Typescript."
""
"saru tutorial"
"Example of how to use unit tests in angularjs"
"UofT MSE club website theme. Check out the design at http://mse.skule.ca"
"The game, snake"
"Almost identical as in aspnet5-tkdemo-beta7, but for RC1"
"Repo for .js roguelike development"
""
""
"Turorial for a basic Mongo Express Node app with one model"
"Portfolio Website"
"Paramalyzer - Burp extension for parameter analysis of large-scale web application penetration tests."
"Slow time, a watchface for the Pebble aplite, basalt and chalk."
"My Github Pages site"
"2-cycle MIPs CPU implemented in Logisim."
""
""
"Roku Remote App built using the Ionic Framework and Cordova"
""
"Visual Studio Team Services Build features directly in Visual Studio Code"
""
"An FTC Program..."
"cplusplus programs"
":truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component"
"Comment Parser for Casey Neistat 2015 Giveaway"
"student-management-system-javax-swing-project"
"Micro-framework to provide Android Activity/Fragment routing "
""
"olukes.com"
"angularJS training"
"Royal Blue Wordpress theme"
"init"
"API server for Heath Hybrid App "
""
"raspberry pi dashcam "
"Responsive ReactJS/NodeJS/Gulp image gallery"
"International RadioTelephony Spelling Alphabet"
"I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s"
""
"A RobotGame contestant using pattern matching"
""
"seed is yaml driven container image creation"
""
"OnTheMap project for Udacity"
""
"Multithreaded Demo Presentation Code"
""
""
""
""
""
"for HoGent native apps course, using recyclerView"
""
"JSF User Interface for the TodoMore application"
"Continuation of Dirk Meyer's Quat 1.20"
"Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings"
""
"Wordpress Theme Freifunk "
"Project for Data Structures course"
".lein default profiles"
""
"AHB eVC"
"Hello World"
"Coding exercise using Spring Boot"
"Easy oriented objects encrypted databse"
"basic project boilerplate"
""
""
"A simple php script to display information about a SoundCloud account in JSON format"
""
""
"Yo!"
"AWS Lambda function that integrates SQS and Mailchimp new subscriptions"
"An app for tracking the progress your work"
"python tools for genetics analyses"
"Arduino code for controlling a garage door motor"
""
"Initialize"
""
"minimalist personal website"
"OS X Config files"
""
""
""
"init"
"Code and notebooks for BIOM262"
"A .NET Core repository reference with implementations developers that want a Comments back-end capability for their website or app."
"Program for testing Classifiers implemented in Weka using Cross-validation"
""
"An all-in-one progress bar: timer bar, form progress bar, multiple styles. "
""
""
"Team Voatz @ The AT&T Dev Summit 2016"
"University project about linear programming problem using regression analysis "
"Java Singleton Pattern approach."
"PHP on Apache using Ubuntu Trusty (version 14.04)"
""
"First Test Repo"
""
"Example solutions for exercises in K&R C book (1988)"
"This is my personal website."
"Small console application that represents taxistation manager. Made by begginer in C#."
"Arduino code for controlling a garage door motor"
"Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component."
"Babel plugin to automatically install missing dependencies as you work."
"Git starting"
"Vanilla JS colorpicker implementation"
"Collapsing Toolbar Example with Recycler View"
""
""
"My solutions to EloquentJS chapters"
"Publishing "
""
""
"An example of a blog written in Ruby on Rails"
""
"New Years"
"FlipClock wrapper for Yii2"
"rabin-karp algorithm for rolling hash values"
""
"My business website"
""
"Weka DL4J. Original code by Mark Hall"
"The tech zone of FunSites!"
""
"MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP"
"Finagle practice"
"A test run to practice Rails with nested routes"
"Geometry library for Elixir"
"Guidelines for pitching Project 2 ideas"
"Example of good Android practices"
"Finds missing tags on EC2 instances and EBS volumes and generates a report on which tags are missing. Allows for multiple AWS accounts to be checked in a single session using IAM roles via STS, and saves state between sessions using DynamoDB."
"Stream your iterators."
""
"Android encrypting and decrypting with a fingerprint"
""
""
""
":wrench: My usual Jekyll set up"
"minimum for nodejs heroku using NodeJS, Express, and EJS"
"trying out graphql"
""
""
""
"Code for the Report "
""
""
"practice with git and github"
"The gaming zone of FunSites!"
""
"Files for GuardBunny, an RFID shield presented at Shmoocon 2016"
"This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project."
"A template vector library sample in C++ to use vectors"
""
""
"Reflections from the ""How to Use Git and GitHub"" course. Udacity."
""
"Blank NodeJs + Express app with gulp and everything setup to get up and running fast"
"Artifact of paper ""Exploiting Recent SIMD Architectural Advances for Irregular Applications"""
"A little hours program for work hours"
"My first repository "
"Apache Qpid Broker with Web Management (Docker image)"
"Express.js module for VK server authentication"
"Interfacing Allen Bradley SLC500 with Raspberry Pi"
"Paxos protocol implementation for consensus in distributed systems"
"A Private MA Server"
"Following Udemy React Course - learn-and-understand-reactjs"
"Literate Coffee Editor"
"well-being site developpment"
"raspberry pi examples"
""
"Star Wars: Empire at War mods"
"Real Estate analysis"
"Show scheduling application for Pointless Brewery and Theatre"
"Personal website"
""
"Basic libevdev binding for node.js"
"A project that is meant to help my computer science teacher grade labs and projects painlessly"
""
"The website for my Israeli Trains app, trainsapp.co.il"
""
"Assembly to C "
"SHEFF API"
"jordanbrewer.com"
"The repo for my work in Responsive Web Design Fundamentals. "
""
"Github Page"
"Simple random password generator, using diceware."
"Small web app with example of components creation with reactJS"
"My first repository on GitHub"
"Capacitive Touch-screen Switch For the LIFX Lights"
"Alternative rabbitmq client implementation"
""
"emacs folder"
"A Simple Todo Aplication with Mongoose, Express, Angular, Node "
"A modest proposal for PLSQL Continuous Integration using revision control, Jenkins and Maven."
"In progress multiplayer 2D game and engine."
"Lights."
"Rust instruction decoder for 6502"
""
""
"Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics."
"Python API for ClickSign"
""
"Server-side ToDo via  REST (eventually including a Sync Service)."
"Enable adding items to listmanager through echo"
"One, two,  one, two..."
""
""
""
""
""
"project showing third person camera behaavior"
""
"WeLearn platform prototype"
"Python course"
"Answer quiz instead of watching meaningless ads while watching shows on DirectTV"
""
""
"Little language that compiles into Javascript"
"iOS app listens for your speech, and suggest you the jokes."
""
"Python Automation GUI Experiment (PAGE)"
""
"Find synergies in between the elements of your permaculture design !"
"main page of website"
""
"HTML Template Engine"
"Get basic stats for each repo in a GitHub organization as org-mode tables"
"An individual-based, eco-evolutionary model for spatially-explicit simulation of population viability in landscape demogenetics"
""
"Thread safe hash table with read write lock implementation"
"Landing site for torchlight legal"
"Generate Google Calendar events from Google Sheets"
"AngularJS project"
""
""
"Raspberry Pi clock"
"Prueba"
"My personal website"
"Very simple Java RMI application for education"
"sql over twitter"
"First Repository"
""
"Validation framework to impose popular relational database constraints on BigData / Hive tables."
"compiler I wrote for University class"
"Simple wack-a-mole style game"
""
"App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide"
"Test CL capabilities and means to use them"
""
"MVVM + Rx + DataBinding Framework for Android"
""
"UDP flooder written in python 2"
"Code from Udacity classes."
""
"Django-based LDAP user registration service"
"Common configuration settings repository for APM services"
""
""
"http://www.tutorialspoint.com/struts_2/"
""
""
""
""
"A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf"
""
"Presentation"
""
""
""
"Generate a docker-compose yaml definition from a running container"
""
""
"An Ansible role that installs and configures PHP for Ubuntu Trusty (14.04). "
"Meteor Prototype Package for fourquet.io"
"Domoticz Client Application for Android Devices"
"Api backend for TheSiteWatchman.com"
"Custom chef recipes for spinning up an Ubuntu VM in EC2 with VNC for development on containerized projects from iPad Pro or other thin clients.  Pro tip: Use the Coda iOS app."
"The music zone of FunSites!"
"Tests for pgxntool"
"The main page of Funsites with all the sites."
"Rings alarm when certain notification are posted."
""
""
"One problem added everyday"
"Basic Scripting in C using Data Structures and bit shifting"
"Heuristic Deck Constructor"
"A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things."
"Example of decoupled state machine and markup"
""
"Template for testing pgxntool with pgxntool-test"
""
""
"Blog Post Describing Different Ways of Transporting Data over the Web, with a particular focus on WebSockets"
""
""
""
""
"Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation."
"Yo!"
"jssc_test"
"Master Maniacs 2016 Autonomous Vex IQ Program"
"5th-class-laravel-3-Happysk created by Classroom for GitHub"
"Electronic Systems class Final Project. Consists of a Temperature/HeartRate monitor based on the PIC16F1825 uController."
""
"A project with backend functionality for convene app"
""
""
"This is the project0 of http://cdn.cs75.net/2012/summer/projects/0/"
""
"Twistris is a classic game with a twist. Written in Kotlin and built with native views."
""
""
""
"Docker Python CI Environment"
"adding geojson"
"test"
"network server and client for classic game of Mastermind"
"A library for working with blocks and grids. This was developed for Twistris."
"splash"
""
""
""
""
"new"
"simple robot for Tilda & Lisbeth"
"My favorite python scripts"
""
""
"My CodeEval solutions in go lang"
"Find dates inside text using Python and get back datetime objects"
":cyclone:"
""
"Writing backstory/world timeline creator"
""
""
"Tests towards doing basic pyglet rendering tasks faster through data orientation and numpy"
""
"Simple API for both iOS 7 upwarps, wrapping UIAlertView and UIAlertController"
"A development version of Pimcore for Docker"
"Aboubakr's Academy"
"first contact"
"This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times."
"Online Shop - Web Shop HTML"
"Prolog code and tests to explore attributed variables behaving as TermSources/TermSinks (as defined in Kernel and Bin-Prolog)"
""
"load"
"gitlapse front-end website"
""
"Rails group project"
""
""
"Just another eBay Calculator"
""
""
""
"Save time on those pesky Fallout consoles."
"New Folder created"
"Checking out react"
"Code for Django Girls website tutorial"
""
"Managana 2.X core classes"
""
""
"My Website"
""
""
"Add the pigpio library to kodi on the raspberry pi 2 for I/O purposes"
"Sample repository for Git Tutorials"
""
"A simple tool that helps managing the slugs for Posts, Pages and Custom Post Types."
""
""
"mesures"
""
""
"Get the remaining amount on your TUC card"
""
""
"A learning resource for front-end development"
""
"Main Website"
"A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift"
"Repository for simulating monopoly in R"
""
""
""
"(WIP)"
"Projects related to Natural Language Processing"
""
"Practice Project"
""
"Chocolatey package that downloads and installs the latest Chromedriver"
"A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework."
"this is a Java interpretation of the popular party game Mafia"
""
"Very simple Python script to display artist name and track title on i3blocks"
""
"The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme ""Edin"""
"A simple neural networks written with regularization and unit testing in python."
"Examples of projects I've worked on"
""
"Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces."
""
"Repository for simulating monopoly in R"
"Lightweight LibNFC glue for Node.js (intended for reading Mifare Classic RFIDs via ACR122U/USB)"
"Docker image for raspberry pi - pigpio service"
""
""
"Tweets whenever someone opens their first open source pull request on GitHub"
""
"Automatically trading system (experimantal) - Metatrader4"
"Flashcard Application"
"Defender Game"
""
""
"The Odin Project - google-homepage"
""
""
"MUM Algorithm CS435"
"Read-only release history for Test-HasVersion"
""
"RISC-V ISA model"
"Password Storage"
"Tool to graphically resize portraits for Baldur's Gate 2"
"Predictive aiming test case for @EntropicFlip"
""
""
"Reference architecture for a Todo application written in Angular 1"
""
"repo for thesis material"
"Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute."
"Sublime Text plugin for simple and easy SASS / SCSS compilation."
"MUM Enterprise Architecture CS544 Final Project"
"Using HTML and JS Create the Standard Animation Practice of Making a Ball Bounce"
""
"A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML"
"Determines manufacturing date based on cisco serial number"
""
"Windows 10 UWP Samples"
"FG Aircraft | PA-20 Piper Pacer by Robert Leda, Pawel Luchowski"
""
"Pelican Theme for my personal site (http://crowdersoup.com)"
"LinkedLists"
""
""
""
"machine learning/artificial intelligence notes"
"Autonomous crap"
""
"Huffman Coding"
""
"Two-sided Marketplace"
"Adapts Lamba Router Requests and Responses to NodeJS HTTP Request and Responses"
"Small database based on local .json files"
"KAIO Kernel for Samsung Galaxy S5 G900X Models"
""
""
"This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!"
""
""
"Elixir + Phoenix + Neo4j + LOVE"
"An implementation of the Quickbooks oAuth flow."
""
"A minimalist shop"
"N-Body Celestial Simulator"
"yayayayay"
""
"Initial commit"
"a google drive based timemap library for nodejs"
"Portfolio Website #2"
""
""
"An alternative API endpoint service for NASA's APOD data."
"Universal Domination MMO"
"A work for any sized group of megaphones"
"Photo Bombers project from Treehouse ""Build a Photo Browser iPhone App"""
"knp projeckt"
"Delphi 5 - Delphi XE+ compatible version of DUnit.  Currently for the Win32 and Win64 platforms.  Initial checkin is from SourceForge revision 26, the last revision that worked with Delphi 5."
""
"Several design patterns implemented in python. "
""
"R_Statistical_Work"
""
"micropython class for Si7005 relative humidity/temperature sensor"
"Designing Restful API Final Project -https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388"
""
"A way to formants"
"small web parser that gets all the top jobs and visualizes the various salaries for each position"
"Flickr photo gallery with ES6, jQuery and promises"
"Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search"
"Data and code for ""This Post Is Brought To You By The National Science Foundation"""
""
"This is a repository for random (but useful) functions I have created."
"Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails."
"Fun little Python Scripts"
""
""
"A .NET extension library for akka.configuration that provides the boilerplate code for creating Akka.NET clusters."
""
""
"youtube comments are shit"
"Spreadsheet Decoder is a library for decoding spreadsheets for ODS and XLSX files."
"Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects (""persistent settings"")"
"Fixed table header directive."
"A large ensemble algorithmic work based on a number of ideas related to Ordinals."
"Code from Commodity Algorithms and Data Structures: Simple and Useful, 2nd Edition by Dmytro Kedyk "
"Simple AngularJS routines by @pierakim (credits : @ToddMotto)"
""
""
"R recode PDF tables to structured tables"
""
"Tests for the dxLib repository on GitHub"
"A simple test repo for git study"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/lzma"
"Notes, files, examples for News Hack Arizona"
"Browser game"
""
"A basic project with chai mocha testing"
"simple project for teaching kids to program"
""
"Linux convenience scripts (bash)"
"E-Commerce Site bringing the artisan glassblower together with his or her customers"
""
"Display preview images with the search list"
"Course site for DESN-368"
""
""
"Reference architecture for a todo-application built on HTML5/Angular 2/Bootstrap."
"My public PGP key..."
"Web application for genealogists that allows to generate reports from separate GenoPro files."
""
"Configuration for vim, bash, and other programs."
""
"Set of programs to organize and display desktop wallpapers."
""
"JS implementation of examples from ""A Programmer's Geometry"""
"Playing around with SceneKit"
"This is supposed to be an Elixir library for Swarm, we'll see what becomes of this."
""
"Utility functions for arduino"
"The Freezer - JavaScript blog"
"Testing Azure IoT Suite"
"Towers of Hanoi"
"A demo"
""
""
""
""
"Automatically updates vim local settings depending on current file path and user-defined build configurations"
""
"PDX Code 301 (night track): Intermediate Software Development"
""
"A new Test"
"Visually minimal app to plan your daily routine"
"Browser version of popular Russian card game, Durak.  Your opponent is the computer."
""
"Drupal 7 Services Sample"
""
"Personal Website "
"A Cisco IP phone config generator written in PHP"
"This is a simple app demonstrating how to use RethinkDB in a Phoenix application"
""
""
"MUM Enterprise Architecture CS544"
"a3 config manager"
"Easy-to-use collection of Guarantee types"
"Command line ID3 Tag Editor For Windows, Mac and Linux"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Creating an object oriented program to generate Java byte code for any TinyPL program"
"a name generator for everyone"
"All kinds of different Arduino projects. Very fun!"
"Bookmarklets to scrape things and give them to you as a zip."
"computes the short-time fourier transform on streaming data. written in rust."
"This repo is useful for iOS developers who wants to animate label on the text field."
""
"Predicting Dota 2 match outcomes based on draft"
"Portfolio Site"
"personal site"
""
"Attempt to use Data Driven Model article from Code Magazine"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Tech Test"
""
""
"A form that validates email, phone numbers, and passwords."
"Vim bindings to the HaRe haskell refactoring tool"
"""Just One More"" challenge for codenewbie http://www.codenewbie.org/blogs/just-one-more"
""
"GPS Disciplined Oscillator Project (Arduino-based, 10MHz,1MHz,10kHz outputs ) "
"Java library and examples of using LEGO WeDo with Processing 3."
"Dynamic forms implemented in ReactJS"
""
"[READ-ONLY] Redis PSR-6 Cache pool"
"These are the PHP files developed while completing Treehouse's PHP Development Course"
"B.U.R.N is an Url Redirectioni &Longernizer service standing on a single webpage without the need of a server-side interpreter."
""
"Desktop application for creating physical therapy evaluation documents"
"Initial"
"My personal website source code."
"This is my CakePHP blog"
"Realtime Hackathon Hiring Platform"
""
""
"Some annoying code"
"3 day weather tracker"
"It lets user to upload apk file, it then decompile apk file, reads permissions required by apk file from androidmanifest.xml. Project is built on django and uses androguard."
"Eagle Library for RN2483, iC880A, Adafruit Huzzah"
""
"The World Isn't Flat"
"Layering implementation of RISC-V instructions over AHB"
""
""
"Javascript to mark text"
"Empirical estimation of overdiagnosis in trial and population settings"
"Logging for go"
"A progressive web app that offers a vehicle MOT and History check."
"Hayashi Empirical Work"
"Easy-to-use collection of Guarantee types"
"Simple RESTful Api Framework for go"
""
""
""
"A plugin for Unreal Engine 4 that lets you integrate Parse.com native features into your project."
""
"The Nethunter Linux Root Toolkit is a collection of bash scripts which install Nethunter onto a supported device."
""
"A robot that solves given maze."
"Port of the TheoDORE quantum mechanics package (http://theodore-qc.sourceforge.net/) to Python3"
""
""
""
""
"A simple encrypted password manager created with node-js"
""
"interprets ordering and shipping a specific set of items based on certain priorities"
"gittest"
""
"Puppet Module to install and configure etherpad"
""
"CLIFRE API"
"My First jquery lab"
""
"A mud implemented in lua"
"Movie Trailer project - nanodegree"
"Query NBA Boxscores"
"start"
""
""
"Placeholder"
"World Database of Protected Areas R client"
"A simple javascript space station game"
"A quick guessing game I made for a Powershell class at Bellingham Technical College"
"Verto serves as an abstraction layer for OSBot. It'll hopefully stop your from writing a lot of boilerplate code."
"NotariusAdOmnes is a system to help to administrate the different kinds of certificates in diocese"
"An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU)."
"Created a 3d environment for a music folder. "
""
""
"A work for any number of musicians in which pitches that are heard most often are slowly removed from the set of available pitches over the course of the piece until no more pitches are left."
"Project created using Intellij"
"Membuat Grafik dengan PHP"
"inputs list of URLs, outputs top word counts on each domain"
""
"Generate QSL Card Labels from Cloudlog Database."
"Repository for an Simple Test PHP Application"
"Graphical user interface for CR Smart Home"
"Some algorithms, data structures, and graphics in Java"
"test! site phototime"
""
""
""
""
""
"Simple application that counts the number of times a cat picture is clicked"
"General image recognition using tensorflow neural nets"
""
"An experimental app framework for VR based on Qt & High Fidelity's 'interface'"
"Demonstration of using a 4-character 7-segment LED display and multiple timers on the MSP430."
""
"A simple tic tac toe game written in scala and javafx"
""
""
""
"This is the code for the beta version of BALL IS LIFE"
"GPIO Backlight for Kodi on Raspberry Pi"
"encodage"
"Yet ANother Todo app"
""
"See blog post: http://jaysoo.ca/2016/01/03/managing-processes-in-redux-using-sagas/"
"An extension of Alexey Pajitnov's famous game Tetris with pentominos"
""
""
"My website"
"This is a gamemode I'm developing for Garry's Mod that is ONLY building. Mostly for my uses only."
""
"Demonstration of the one-to-main database relationship using ruby on rails."
""
"Erlang utility modules for the Apple Push Service (APS, APNS) support"
""
""
"Ansible Role to install nzbtomedia postprocessing scripts"
"Xmas Homework - 3 Course Cookbook"
""
"Playbook for PHP 7.0, nginx, MariaDB on CentOS 7"
""
""
"Designed and coded an interactive shopping list app using jQuery."
""
"A collection of links of my preferred web tooling."
"A simple keylogger in swift just for fun."
"This is a modified binary search mostly for competitive coding"
"Simple application to take notes"
"Final Project for the CS225 Computer Science/Java class"
""
"A (less) insane academic exercise in game-engine design"
"Thermo"
"Beginner Android Application that makes a text appear when a button is clicked"
"Initial set up playbook for CentOS 7"
""
"Is the ground shaking from an earthquake or just a truck driving by? After moving to CA, its hard to tell"
""
"Bringing all my frequently accessed sites to a single page. Total emphasis on minimizing typing."
""
"Collection of Exercises & Projects from Eloquent Javascript online book"
"A whole-house thermostat"
"Node.js bindings for several USB scales (Pitney Bowes, Dymo, etc.)"
"Parse whole years and months for a given date"
"Hayashi Empirical Work"
"ubuntu touch OS provided by Canonical Ltd."
"Kind Website"
"Front end for Cuttle"
"Balance is an Android app made by MotivFit. Currently under development."
"Simple implementation of the game of cribbage"
""
""
"Reader for the binary "".wbm""-extension format created by NCH Software programs such as Wavepad. Implemented in Python."
""
"My fancy website"
""
"Repairs UID and GIDs of a filesystem using before/after snapshots of passwd/group "
""
""
"This is a modified binary search mostly for competitive coding"
""
"Hayashi Empirical Work"
""
"Algorithms Robert Sedgewick Course Work"
""
""
"History of Arsenal Football Club"
""
"Swift (swift.org version) syntax checker for Syntastic."
"Hayashi Empirical Work"
"tape-archival tool packaged for debian"
""
"(C#) Application to handle horse show riders, and print reports of the classes"
""
"Code for Jawgrind.com."
"All projects that utilize Python"
"A simple Minecraft Server Manager status update checker via HTTP."
"Install all necesary programs for a fresh installed ubuntu."
"Extracts full Steamer projections from Fangraphs"
""
"MsgPack debugging and validation tool also usable as Fiddler plugin"
""
"First rep for educational use"
"repository for tests"
""
""
""
""
"An Atom package for the sweetest pastebin, pastery.net"
""
"WSDL parsing and generation for Haskell"
""
""
"C++ Implementation of the AKS primality test"
""
"Go package for implementing Encrypted Content-Encoding for Web Push"
"Sartorial Genius app"
""
""
"Ableton Live control script for the Korg Microkontrol"
"Exigo corp wordpress"
"A Ruby scraping script/API query ready for Heroku scheduler & cron setup notes"
"Lame CRUD app for initiative"
"Sandbox for a lot of things"
""
""
"Simple command-line Markov chain generator"
""
"a website playground with bugs for QA testing"
"Hackerrank 30 days of code contest "
"A lightweight CSS grid framework using Flexbox"
"trying to redo the Vincent2010 paper"
"A ray casting graphics renderer"
"Small app to learn Backbone.js"
"Using meteor with react and es6 classes"
""
"The landing page for 10 min MTL"
"portfolio - website"
""
""
"olukes.com"
"Javascript, json"
""
"A mud based on D&D 5.0 using Websockets"
""
"A place for EB addons"
"Hang is a Windows 10 client for Google Hangouts"
"My work-in-progress ACME / Let's Encrypt client."
"Blocks support for Cortex-M microcontrollers"
""
""
"Free Game Hosting PHP Script"
""
"Verify New Torrents Scraper"
"Website for ComoRequintear.com"
"A SVG animation & timeline for games releases"
"Workout Volume Tracker"
"PCF8591 via I2C Windows 10 IOT VB.net"
""
"My repository containing Python scripts. "
"avito apartment rent parser"
""
"create your graph and run Dijkstra to get the shortest path between 2 nodes"
""
"Basic Calculator made during summer"
""
""
"Stephen Dowsland Home Page"
"The Future is Ours"
""
""
"Qt test application for asynchronous local file reading"
""
""
"This is Movie project that you can add  movies to your list with its Title,Score,Description,imdb url and delete movies from your favorite movies list easly"
""
""
"An event-based, realtime javascript backend/client for web applications."
"Bitwise Arts handbook"
"phpBB Nivo Slider Extension 3.1.x "
""
"An image curves control UI to be used alongside GPUImage curves filter."
"Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails"
"analyze differences between two stylesheets"
"An F# based Fountain Markdown processor that's based on the FSharp.Formatting library."
"Turn an led into a sensor using an ATMega328P"
""
"Simple rummy implementation in C++"
"A skeleton of a react web application."
""
"Work in progress tic-tac-toe game."
"a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD"
""
""
""
"Portfolio page made using flexbox, srcset, and Gulp. Also, Udacity project 1."
"Hogent course project"
"Algorithm for creating a network inside a 2-dimensional graph"
"Run command in vim with current buffer and see the result side-by-side"
"my blog code"
"Assignment for freecodecamp.org; an api microservice that parses time values and returns formatted ones. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-timestamp-microservice"
""
""
"Compute winning probabilities in Texas Hold 'em."
""
"Borderless browser app for watching Netflix in a floating window above all other apps."
"This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!"
"Meu blog"
"Dead reckoning and object avoidance experiment"
"A Game Boy game with collision detection"
""
"Ansible role to install and configure the Operational Tools for Logging, Monitoring and Performance monitoring for RHEL OSP 7."
"Online  Notebook"
""
"A simple BaseN Encoding/Decoding library."
"The Tufts EMEN ultimate team website"
"A wrapper library for Gosu (Ruby version) adding functionality."
""
""
"Computer players for a German card game (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skat_(card_game))"
""
""
"Just another task keeping application"
"An experimental rewrite of live-editor"
""
"Just some basic server shiet to mess around with"
"script to compute stats from an IYT ladder"
""
"Twitter bot that posts enlightened bullshit"
"Unsupervised Learning of Video Representations using LSTMs"
""
""
"A command-line password manager"
"Home server dockerfiles"
"DES encryption & decryption ( python )"
"Online Regular Expression Tester"
"Interactive tool which allows you to generate terrain and save it as a prefab"
"A simple space invaders game written in es6"
""
""
""
""
"My exercises with web-services and git."
"This repo is part of Coursera's Machine Learning Course."
""
""
"Inheritance, Access modifiers in inheritance, super keyword, class hierarchy in Java"
""
""
"Tweet Today in OPC History"
"Simple Toml Name Service"
"Tools for photo collections."
""
"For EAA"
"Fan activated when Raspberry reaches a certain temperature"
""
""
"Public API analyzer"
"Udacity course on git"
"A dict-like object supports recursive merge operation for python"
"Suffix array variants"
"Vagrant setup that creates a  ci server for all sorts of languages and tools"
""
"Dockerized environment for Magento 1.x development"
"My vim config"
"Cyclone V GX FPGA demo"
"Dockerfile of Debian PHP5-FPM."
"Simple game about a tractor and hay balls"
"A Flask application using graph database"
""
"p2p database for open street map data"
"A utility for conceptualizing large Go code bases"
"A visual exploration of the spatial patterns in the endings of German town and village names in R"
"Qt application which shows the information about laptop's battery in the system tray."
"ElGamal Encryption and Decryption MixNet"
"A look at how to build a simple order book using C++,with testing being done using Google Test"
""
""
"Web Api"
"A bot that tweets information about SCOTUS' upcoming agenda."
"This is the first app we build in the iOS course"
""
"Sandbox Express Project"
""
"Create customized maps"
"A clean version of our swerve drive code designed to be easily integrated into a new project."
"An ansible role for installing duosecurity pam module"
""
"C++ useful programs and classes. "
""
"A Todo list with universal JavaScript & Progressive Enhancement"
"Example of project for AdminLib"
""
"angular2 grid"
"Mob timer written in JavaFX"
"A simple example shows a way to validate user inputs in a form."
"Codepath Assignment:  build a simple todo application"
""
"This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!"
""
"A simple project that uses Service Workers and PouchDB for an offline experience."
"A*search, Decision_Tree and Logic_Inference"
""
"Sample scala REST server."
""
""
"cdd wrapper module for Julia"
"NMMSO: The R Implementation"
""
""
"Scrape daily currency exchange rates from website"
"helloworld2"
"React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog"
"A ClowdFlows 2.0 package, which provides data mining widgets based on Weka."
"Budget First is an open source budget application based on the envelope budgeting or zero-sum budget approach, in which income is partitioned in various categories and spending only occurs from these categories."
"Debian debhelpers fork"
"Currency converter android application"
"Angular app to help me catch the bus."
"Google groups for Developers"
"A minimalist react starter-kit"
"uploader built with Node.js"
""
"INCOMPLETE deterministic npm-install for shrinkwrapped projects"
""
""
"An option for a future portfolio site."
""
"A demo app for me to demonstrate my skills"
""
"Four Letter Word Maker on Raspberry Pi project with 4 digit alphanumeric LED display"
"Earnest's ESLint config for ES7, following StandardJS with added checks"
"Blog Development"
"A HA Proxy for OpenShift Origin with MQTT Capabilities"
"make() function for R"
"A simple Rails Blog developed using Behavior Driven Development"
"Scrobbled artists by tag"
""
""
"Android App for CollegeSpace"
"This is the first app built in the iOS course"
"A Jenkins docker image with a docker client installed inside."
""
"A exercise from The iOS Course ""From Beginner to Paid Professional"""
"Stress consistency snapshot isolation in various relational databases. See also: https://johann.schleier-smith.com/blog/2016/01/06/analyzing-a-read-only-transaction-anomaly-under-snapshot-isolation.html"
""
"learninggit"
"Install R packages from GitHub repositories"
"Java library to add multiple users conversation mecanism to your app."
"A system for tracking curriculum addressed by a problem-based question set."
"General content for 2jecivel"
""
""
""
""
"Command line tools for adana."
"APCS Picture Lab Project"
""
""
"Use pinboard in the command line using node."
"Canvas Graphics Library"
"Markdown + Yaml = Static website"
"A fully automated HTTPS server powered by Nginx, Let's Encrypt and Docker."
"a library for matching human-quality input to a list of potential matches using the Levenshtein distance algorithm"
"Remember that stupid game you used to play on your old Nokia all the time?"
" A web application that helps individuals and groups organize and create an itinerary for their future travels"
"A NodeJS app to make sure everyone gets a turn to play a song"
"A Python-based password and todo-list manager using QML"
"Cross/Embedded PyPy (https://bitbucket.org/pypy/pypy) support for OpenEmbedded/Bitbake/Yocto"
"Stars and Gripes website"
""
""
"Toolkit and REST API for reading/writing a ledger-cli journal"
"Douban HTTP API"
"react demons"
"HTML email signature for Lockstep Labs"
"jSymbolic javaScript Library :)"
"The website for the kingdom life site"
"Toolbox for the Mythic RPG"
""
"High-profile, custom, quarterly magazine with an average of 3,000 visitors/month."
"Splatoon gear power calculator"
"Android app to control an MPD player via mpd-rest-proxy"
"small Project from Udacity with my customize code"
""
""
"Inspheric Sphere Users Module"
"Simple way to create ebooks from a set of markdown files."
"A more detailed way to build an e-commerce site using Solidus, Split, & a product picking model."
"Basic server status information delivered via REST"
"lua:gist"
""
"Elastic Meetup"
""
"Manipulate zuora objects and their relationships without writing a single line of ZOQL."
"AyDS project"
""
"This script will synchronize the AWS Public IPs with its corresponding SecurityCenter scan target configuration"
"Just learn it"
""
"Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q"
""
""
""
"Stuff About Benny"
"Import from Launchpad"
"Stopwatch"
"Drone optimize app"
""
"A JSX view package where Cerebral is first class citizen"
":gem: Background worker for Sharock"
"Plug-n-play Simple Tagging Library for Python"
"iOS app retrieving up-to-date food related recalls from OpenFDA, a government project."
"Git for PHPsychopaths"
"Kernel driver for T2U Wifi Stick"
"Automated test harness for performing demo playback regression tests for DOOM source ports that implement demo logging."
"A Windows 10 PDF reader app. Goals include 1) No options, 2) Touch and mouse friendly"
""
"Learn isomorphic Clojurescript, on the Repl"
"Small sandbox for trying different rpm-simmy things"
"Customized ~/.config/awesome"
"A helper router for resource-specific express routing"
"Semantic Segmentation for Aerial Imagery"
"Interactive visualisations of the data available from the Indian government."
"Java project to mine EMR data for predictive analysis."
"Shim command to help bootstrap a rebar3 project on Nix"
"Source for aliou.me"
"Collection of git branches of experimenting and learning Elm (elm-lang.org)"
""
"A sudoku solver in go"
""
""
""
"node's net api in react-native"
""
"implementation of a bayesian video super-resolution"
""
"Still a work in progress"
"Improverts Sound Software"
"flusk server implementing control SLV API (BL)"
""
""
"Learning Play framework in Java"
""
""
"A web framework for .NET"
"A web framework for .NET"
"This is the first app we built in the iOS course"
"A tiny recess wedged between cute cat videos and illuminati conspiracy theories."
"A script for fetching administrative zone data based on postal code from OpenNorth's Represent API  "
"Sync files between two Synology NAS reading over FTP"
"This is the first app we built in the iOS course"
""
"No Description :)"
""
"This are the four project developed for the course."
""
"Sphero Star Wars BB8 controlled via Xbox controller and Myo armband! The droid you're looking for!"
""
"Testing out iOS SpriteKit "
"A game where the only way to move is via the third law"
"A four-day Agile project to create an online store in Rails"
""
"A framework to refactor computing a result from an aggregate object"
"Assignment is about the Camera Geometry."
"Android application which uses OCR to extract text from images of receipts and documents and backs them upto Google Drive."
"Gesture recognizers written in Kotlin"
"A python extension wrapper for avro-c"
"Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker"
"Multi-day AGILE online shop rails app challenge"
"IoT Tower alert we did this last night of 2015!!"
"Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js"
"Deploy every mass civil defense lawyer's favorite CRM tool anywhere! Makes it easy to defend citizens' legal right to protest."
"EF Core reference console application to try out various things with Entity Framework Core. Implements features of a student enrollment application."
"An Elm ecosystem wishlist"
"Repository for the DevWars website"
""
""
"Let the skyfall"
"personal site and blog"
"Transposable element polymorphism identification"
"Online demo site"
"Hello world express api"
"Rocket Beans TV App for Fire TV/Stick"
""
"A Booklet App"
""
"Ever wonder how old your cat is?  Thankfully that question is now easily solved.  "
""
"This repository contains the EmulationStation theme ""Carbon"""
""
""
""
"Automatic offload of user-written Spark kernels to accelerators"
""
""
""
"HTTP API for BoozeBot"
""
""
""
""
"Sparkline Generator for Fish"
"A CommonMark database for plants"
"App designed for covering basic information of auto layout and how it has to do with constraints in Xcode."
"Advanced lesson in iOS 9 Devslopes class about auto layout and constraints in Xcode."
"Uploaded an early hello word test code to Github."
"Word Guessing Game developed in Swift for iPhone"
""
""
"Android repo for Steer Clear App"
"Second revision of my BitChat Server!"
""
""
"A complete, yet simple, starter for Angular 2 using webpack 2"
"Major mode for editing Godot Engine GDScript files with Emacs."
"takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website"
""
"xcode7.2 swift2"
""
""
"Ethernet controls solaium"
"To track development I do for the Windows platform"
""
""
"Mock social site"
"Example script - how to use the ESP8266 as IoT device"
""
"DADI API is a high performance RESTful API layer designed in support of API-first development and the principle of COPE"
""
"A browser game built with HTML5 and JavaScript"
"Visualizes the performance of an OpenFlow network using queueing theory"
""
"Boilerplate for developing Elm apps on Webpack"
""
""
"Functional programming training based on ""Functional Programming in Scala"" book by Paul Chiusano and Runar Biarnason"
""
"Command Line Interface for the development of Homey Apps"
"A terminal emulator built on the web technologies - AngularJS, ExpressJS and NodeJS - with Material Design."
""
""
""
"Aizu Online Judge"
"Blog"
"Personal utilities for building PyPhi networks that need to be large and/or malleable. "
""
"Data-oriented game engine written in Rust"
"Some useful widgets for Android."
"A simple patch-server for games and apps based on HTTP and file hashes."
"A test of semantic lexicon decoding"
""
"Can you keep your little monster alive? Feed him meat and love or it'll die fast! ;)"
"just for excess"
""
"A real-time online chat application"
"Atmos iOS is an open source project for crowdsourcing user and sensor generated data about the weather on iOS devices."
""
""
"This is a Java-based Cloud system emulator with an architecture structured on 4 OOP design patterns."
"a cross-platform chat application with the highest security"
"Native Rust library for FastCGI"
"This is the Checklist app from Ray Wenderlitch's Swift Mega Bundle with my own modifications "
""
""
"Geolocation based app to drop pins on favourite places"
"Modular chat bot. (Karma + Sassy) * (Facebook + Slack) - Hipchat = Kassy"
"Bachelor Relation system"
"A stripped down cmsMake which *only* makes, nothing more."
"SyndicatesBot"
""
"A light-weight Julia package for XML based on libxml2."
":construction:  work in progress :construction: "
"Making diploid assembly becomes common practice for genomic study"
"12in12 tutorial blog"
""
""
""
"External SQLite"
"GaliGlobal Blog"
""
""
"Automatically rotate JPEG images on upload, according to Exif Orientation data for consistent, upright viewing on a web page."
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/masterpasswordtimeoutplus"
"Michael Hartl's Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application"
"A Lita handler to integrate with Capistrano for rails project"
""
""
"Beta Calculator in Swift 2.1"
"Us"
"Switcher - A WiFi Open Source Power Switch"
"My CV."
"Redacted's website"
"Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/wordsearch-android"
"Replicating intriguing numerical properties of the Qur'an with easy-to-follow, open source procedures"
"The SIPSorcery project is an experiment into the depths of the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). The project is a combination of the source code available here on GitHub and a hosted service."
